# S01E01

Hey, what are you doing?
Jesus!
Did you get a good look?
Blue Toyota Camry, it's all I saw.
It's the Wharton's dog.
Oh, man. He's not gonna make it.
Go see if they're at home.
It's ok.
There are two kinds of pain.
The sort of pain that makes you strong...
or useless pain...
The sort of pain that's only suffering.
I have no patience for useless things.
Moments like this require someone who will act...
or do the unpleasant thing,
or the necessary thing.
There...
No more pain.
It was a hit and run, I'm awfully sorry.
He must have jumped over the fence again.
Look, Steve's gonna file a report on the car,
he'll put his people on it.
We'll track him down.
You're stunning.
Shall we?
Three two...one...
Happy New Year!
Oh, President elected Garrett Walker.
Do I like him? No.
Do I believe in him? That's beside the point.
Any politician that gets 70 million votes
has tapped into something larger than himself,
larger than even me as much as I hate to admit it.
Look at that winning smile, those trusting eyes.
I clung to him early on, and made myself vital.
After 22 years in congress
I can smell which way the wind is going.
Jim Matthews, his right honorably VicePresident.
Former Governor of Pennsylvania.
He did his duty in delivering the Keystone State.
Bless his heart.
And now they're about to put him out to pasture.
But he looks happy, now doesn't he?
For some, it's simply the size of the chair.
Linda Vasquez, Walker's chief of staff.
I got her hired. She's a woman, check.
And a Latina, check.
But more important than that, she's as tough as twodollar steak.
Check, check, check.
When it comes to the White House,
you not only need the keys in your back pocket.
You need the gatekeeper.
As for me, I'm just a lowly house majority whip.
I keep things moving in a Congress
choked by pettiness, and lassitude.
My job is to clear the pipes, and keep the sludge moving.
But I won't have to be a plumber much longer. I've done my time.
I backed the right man.
Give and take.
Welcome to Washington.
You need a haircut.
You think?
A little trim.
What are you gonna wear?
You mean for the meeting? For the announcement.
I'm wearing my navy blue, the one with the pinstripes.
Good.
You look handsome in that suit.
I don't know if they will announce it before your board meeting.
Well, as long as I can say the donation is coming.
As soon as it's official, Sancorp will write you the check.
This is going to be a big year for us.
Community of what?
I would say immigration, banking or education, but...
None of my regular sources can confirm that.
Because...
They don't know, or because they're not talking?
Because they don't know.
Keep at it, get me something.
Sorry, I'm so sorry Mr. Hammerschmidt.
Zoe...
Barnes Right.
Did it take him a year to remember your name?
Longer.
Good morning, Lucas.
What can I do for you, Zoe?
I am sick of the Fairfax county council.
You tell me everyday. Move me online.
My own blog.
First person, subjective, 500 words.
Not gonna happen. I'll go underground.
backrooms, the urinals!
I'll win over staff members on the Hill.
They need a place to vent.
A gossip column? No. We'll lift the veil.
What's really going on.
This is the Washington Herald, Zoe.
It's not...TMZ.
Do you know how many people who watch TMZ?
I couldn't care less.
Which is why print journalism is dying.
Then it will die with dignity. At least with this paper.
You are stuck in the 20th century, Lucas,
you lack imagination.
Maybe so, but right now I don't need imagination,
I need copy.
Your nights and weekends are yours,
I applaud whatever you want to do,
as long as its not on my time.
You're telling me to go back to work? I am.
What you're really telling me is to fuck off.
I'm telling you both.
It's Mr. Chapman already, from Provence Trust.
Hold my calls, Christina.
Henry.
It's good to see you.
How long are you in town for? Just today.
What? You gotta come back down for the inauguration.
I can hook you up.
How about you hook me up with
the zoning laws you promised to get changed?
We got 12 millions sitting in escrow
for an empty lot we can't build on.
I know, but you gotta understand...
It's a local municipal issue.
I can't just pick up the phone...
You can't?
Because that's not what you lead us to believe
when you begged for 50 grand in donations.
Right, I...
Just one second.
Christina, I said no calls,
not while I'm meeting with Mr. Chapman.
The Presidentelect?
Do you mind? No, go ahead please.
Put him trough Christina.
Mr. Presidentelect?
Thank you.
Yes, we were pleased to win by double digits.
Absolutely, anything you need.
I need you to put your long, wet, talented tongue
between my tights
and make me squeal like Monica Lewin...
Me too.
Me too.
Okay, thank you, sir.
I'm so sorry...
where were we?
Walker...
what's he like?
The Presidentelect running late?
No, he couldn't make it. I'll brief him, though.
Okay.
This is the memo, I've drafted,
on our Middle East policy we've been developing.
Now, I want to borrow from Reagan.
I'd like to coin the phrase "Trickledown diplomacy".
That way... Frank. I'm gonna stop you there.
We are not nominating you for the Secretary of State.
I know, he made you a promise,
but circumstances have changed.
The nature of promises, Linda,
is that they remain immune to changing cicumstances.
Garrett has thought long and hard about this.
And he's decided we need you to stay in Congress.
When was this decision made?
And why wasn't I part of a conversation?
I'm sorry, Frank, if it been up to me,
I wouldn't have waited this long to tell you.
So you knew, you were going to do this.
It has been an evolving discussion.
It's a chickenshit move.
Frank... I was vetted.
Was that a ruse? No.
Let's be absolutely clear,
you wouldn't have won without me.
You're right, but now we have to lead.
And that means making tough choices.
As you know, education is a top priority for us.
A complete federal overhaul.
But it's not just the education, Frank,
Congress has split.
We need you there, more than we need you in the State Department.
I got you hired, Linda.
I know.
Donations, endorsements.
I wrote the campaign's entire foreign policy platform.
I bring years of Foreign Affairs Committee...
Frank.
Please.
I want to speak to Walker personally.
The decision is made.
We need you, Frank.
Will you stand beside us or not?
Of course, if that's what the President wants.
I'm very glad to hear that.
I'm curious.
If not me then who?
Michael Kern.
Michael Kern?
Well...
that is an excellent choice.
Do you think it'll look clear?
I just want to make sure it doesn't look like
we're neglecting out domestic...
No, no, no, no... I'm gonna say
that we are expanding our mission. Okay.
And we're bringing on a new organization to help us.
They know which one yet?
I'm still looking into a few options, but, um...
Tell me, what did we agree on that we could hire how many new people.
Six? Six, maybe seven.
We'll have enough.
Ooh, it's exciting. Huh?
This, uh, new direction we're heading.
I just don't know where we're gonna fit all the people.
Well, do you think we'll have to look into additional space?
No, no. I'll find a way.
Okay, so make the changes to the power point.
And let's meet again, at 2:30. Okay.
It's me.
I feel like an idiot leaving messages like this. Call me back.
What is it, Zoe?
Um, I knew you're gonna have your hands full at the White House. So,...
If you need someone to do research, or...
Or punch out background. I think I'll be fine.
Well, if things get hectic, and you need any help...
So you can blog about rubbing shoulders with the big boys.
Wh... What did Lucas tell you?
Look, no offence, Zoey,
But I don't have time to be anyone's training wheels.
I just thought...
No, I was just actually offering to lend a hand.
That's it. I got it.
Thanks.
Claire. You didn't call.
I was... You didn't call me, Francis.
Nine hours, you don't not call me.
Not when it's this big.
You're right.
When have we ever avoided each other?
I wanted a solution first.
Do you have one? Not yet.
This affects me too, Francis.
And it's not the money I'm upset about.
It's that we do things together.
When you don't involve me we are in free fall.
I should have called you and I didn't.
What Happened?
She says they needed to keep me in Congress.
Linda said that? Walker wasn't even there.
That's what really get's me,
he didn't even have the courage to look me in the eye.
I knew you shouldn't trust that women.
I didn't. I don't. I don't trust any one.
Then how could you not see this coming.
I never thought they were capable.
You don't usually underestimate people, Francis.
I know.
Hubris...
Ambition ... You should be angry.
I am livid. Then where is that I don't see it.
What do you want me to do, scream and yell?
Throw a temper? I want more than I'm seeing.
You're better than this, Francis.
Well, I'm sorry, Claire. I am sorry.
No, that I won't accept.
What? Apologies.
My husband doesn't apologizes.
Even to me.
How long have you been up?
Hours.
I know what I have to do.
Good.
We'll have a lot of nights like this.
Making plans.
Very little sleep.
I expected that.
It doesn't worry me.
I'd better get to work.
I laid a suit out for you upstairs.
The navy blue one.
I love that woman.
I love her more than sharks love blood.
The Presidentelect Garrett Walker...
Why do you think they went with him?
We are too good, they can't afford to lose us in Congress.
He's had work done.
Chin tuck probably. Definitely dyes his hair.
Do we say anything? No. God no.
Not unless he brings it up. Nancy?
9:20... Cancel everything. Stanford, you're with me.
Now, look...
They've done us a great favor, Doug.
We are no longer bond by allegiances. We serve no one.
We live by one rule, and one rule only
never again will we allow ourselves to be put in such a position.
Walker and Vasquez?
All of them. I hold them all accountable.
Retribution? No, no!
It's more than that.
Take a step back.
Look at the bigger picture.
I can see what you're getting at.
Kern first?
That's how you devour a whale, Doug.
One bite at a time.
Who would you want?
For Secretary of State. Give me a list of choices.
And, however we do this, we'll also need a buffer.
You mean an errand boy?
Yes, someone we control completely.
Okay. I'll keep my ear to the ground. Good.
I haven't eaten since yesterday.
I almost pity him.
He didn't choose to be put on my platter.
When I carve him up and toss him to the dogs,
only then will he confront that brutal inescapable truth.
My God!
All I ever amounted to is chitterlings..
"And he that shall humble himself, shall be exalted."
Matthew, Chapter 23 verse 12.
Thanks be to God.
I'd like to speak today on the subject of
humility.
Well, a lot of you have just won reelection.
If you hadn't, you might not be sitting here.
And of course we should enjoy our success and be grateful for it.
But never let your gratitude sour into
pride.
You will have many challenges ahead over the next couple of years.
And a person's character
isn't determined by how he or she enjoys vitory
but rather how he or she endures defeat.
Nothing can help us endure dark times better than our faith.
Claire.
Hello, Felicity. How are you?
Good, how are you ? Good.
I'm sorry, it's just not right.
Charles and I can't understand what Walker was thinking.
Oh, that's very sweet.
But, really, between you and me,
I think Francis is relieved.
He just feels much more at home in Congress.
I would've bet a million dollars they were gonna pick you.
Well, it's good thing you have a million dollars to spare.
But you are by far and away the only choice.
I appreciate you saying that.
I mean, Michael? Come on, he's got half the experience...
Garrett is a smart man, he knows what he's doing.
You're a better man than I, Frank.
You...
You want some of that wine?
Yes, definitely.
Man this is some good shit, where did you get it?
I kinda lifted it...
from the VIP room of the speaker's holiday party.
I'm impressed.
Bordeaux twenty years old?
It seemed about right for you.
Why would you say that to me? I'm almost thirty.
Pratically ancient in your book.
I don't discriminate when it comes to age.
Really? When was the last time you hired a 40 years old staffer?
Doesn't mean I wouldn't. As long as she's good in the sack.
Come on. That's true, isn't it?
Where is this coming from?
You are not gonna just toss me aside for some sluts
straight out of Vassar?
So we're having that conversation.
It's been six month. It's not a little office fling any more.
You want me to say those three magic words.
One of which starts with an L.
No. Okay.
I'll say it.
Christina Gallagher,
lick my balls.
You're a bastard!
I love you.
I love you, Christina.
I love you.
Now will you lick my balls?
So I'm curious,
are we patrons, benefactors or lepers?
Believe it not, we're angels.
I'm gonna go outside and pretend to use my cell phone.
Go.
Could I have your jacket?
Are you coming to bed?
I'll be up in a bit.
Don't stay up all night. No, I'll be right there.
Thanks so much. I'll call you.
Wait... I thought you had a good time?
Oh I did, I loved it. I've never been before.
Well, maybe I could come up.
Brian, you're so sweet, really.
But if I was gonna fuck you, you'd know.
Thank you so much.
She's here. Send her in.
It's quite rare for a president's chief of staff to climb the Hill.
A gesture of respect no doubt,
or desperation.
I'm guessing she'll say Donald Blythe for education.
Let's see if I'm right.
Good morning, Linda.
Thank you so much for making the trip up.
Of course, my pleasure.
Education.
First things first,
the seating chart for the inauguration.
How do these two work for you and Claire?
They come with a complimentary set of tickets to the Jefferson Ball.
Claire would be over the moon.
Good, I'm so glad.
So... education.
We have Donald Blythe drafting the legislation.
Donald Blythe? Jesus.
I know.
So you want a bill just two steps left of Karl Marx.
I advised the Presidentelect against it,
but Donald is the face of education.
He's been pushing reforms for 25 years.
You want me to guide him to the middle?
We need a bill we can pass.
Do I have absolute autonomy and authority on this?
There's more.
Garrett wants the bill on the floor in the first 100 days.
He wants to make a pledge in his inaugural address.
Ah, that's...
That's very ambitious, Linda.
Can we make that pledge?
A hundred days?
I can deliver.
Keep me posted.
I'll talk with Donald, I'll check in with you later in the week.
Terrific.
Did you smell that?
The smugness? The false deference.
She thinks I can be bought with a pair of tickets.
What am I a whore in postwar Berlin
salivating over free stocking and chocolate?
What she's asking will cost far more than that.
Ferguson. Too old.
Willis? Too stupid.
Boyd. Too queer.
Really?
He's married with three kids.
And wouldn't they be devastated.
All right.
What about Catherine Durant?
Cathy Durant ...
She was vocally anti Walker.
She's got the experience.
Set up a meeting.
The donation from Sancorp...
The money will have to come from somewhere else.
God, what happened?
I've looked over the budget for fiscal 13
and we've allocated 1.6 million for salaries.
We need to cut that in half.
What, you're suggesting... Evelyn,
we're going to let some people go.
That would be half of our staff?
We have to carve out some room.
But you'll have to fire some essential people
who have been with us since the beginning.
We are a charity,
but not for our employees.
You know, um, Claire, I have held my tongue
about this whole international thing for a while.
But, I don't get it.
I mean, we're really good at what we do,
why do we have to try and be something we're not?
Because we've plateaued, Evelyn,
and it is time for us, for our entire organisation...
But digging wells in Africa? We don't know anything about that.
Which is why we have to bring in new people.
This is the plan that I've proposed to the Board
and we are moving forward with it.
I'd like a list of names, please.
Claire, can we just think about this?
I have thought about it.
I've put a lot of thought into it.
Yeah, but I think that we can really... Evelyn ...
You are the office manager.
I need you to trust that I know what I'm doing.
So please, get me that list, as soon as possible.
Oh, ma'am. You can't go... I'm sorry, I just ...
I just have one question... No.
Sir, I apologize this woman...
Congressman. Miss you need to step away from him.
If I could just have one second. You step away from the...
Who are you?
My name is Zoe Barnes, I'm a reporter at the Washington Herald.
It is after 10:30 at night and this is my home.
I do not allow any...
We are part of a mutual admiration society.
You're a fan of the symphony.
One more for the people watching than the music.
It's all right, Steve. Come on in, Miss Barnes.
It's strong.
You prefer weak?
No, the stronger the better.
There's no harm in looking.
It's a cheap ploy.
It's cheap but effective.
Well, you certainly have my undivided attention.
Good. The reason I'm here...
Oh, is foreplay over?
I read somewhere that JFK never lasted more than three minutes.
The point been?
Time is precious.
Powerful people don't have the luxury of foreplay.
Okay, so why are you here, Ms. Barnes?
I need somebody I can talk to.
We're talking. Tell me what we're talking about.
I protect your identity. I print whatever you tell me.
And I'll never ask any questions.
And what makes you think
I don't already have such an arrangement
with one of your colleague.
Because if you did, you wouldn't have let me through the door.
I've led a very long, very successful career
avoiding this sort of intrigue with the press.
I can't see any advantage in starting now...
But is there any disadvantage? Sloppiness, for one.
I promise you absolute discretion.
So, we're talking about trust.
Use whatever words you like.
Words matter very much, Ms. Barnes.
You should care more about them, given your profession.
Then, yes...
Your trust.
So, which Zoey Barnes am I to trust?
The one who wrote about the fireman that married the meter maid?
Or the one who authored a very fine article
on a new jogging path in Rockcreek Park?
Don't be flattered, I read everything.
I'm better than what they have me doing.
You know what that feels like.
Do I?
You would've made a great Secretary of State.
How exactly may I help you, Miss Barnes?
You must know the administration legislative agenda.
What's coming up first? I may.
Will you tell me? What would be your guess?
Education. Why?
Immigration is too controversial,
a tax reform isn't sexy enough.
Everyone can get behind children.
Is it education? You might very well think that
I couldn't possibly comment.
A hint.
It's late, Miss Barnes.
Can we talk again?
I hope you'll understand that I want to sleep on all of this.
I never make such big decision so long after sunset
and so far from dawn.
My cell phone's on the back.
Did you put Miss Barnes in the visitor's ledger?
Not yet. Don't.
Needless to say. Needless.
Hello.
Claire.
This is Miss Zoe Barnes of the Washington Herald.
She was just leaving.
Very nice to meet you, Mrs. Underwood.
Drive safe, there's a lot of ice on the road.
I will.
Thank you.
Does that work on anybody?
Does what?
The pushup bra and Vneck T.
Well, if it does, I don't know who they are.
Ok, it's all right, it's all right.
License and registration.
The glove compartment, sweetheart.
This isn't your driver's license, it's a Starbucks' card.
Oh, shit. Sorry.
Sir, have you been drinking?
No, I never drink coffee at this hour.
I'm gonna need you to step out of the car.
Hey, I was speeding you can write me a ticket...
Sir, step out of the car.
Right now.
Look, I don't wanna be a prick, but I'm a member of the Congress.
I don't care if you are the king of China.
China doesn't have a king.
It's a communist oligarchic.
Oil... oliguarch ... Let's go, out.
You too, sweetie. Fuck, that's hard to say.
Hello?
Good.
Well, let's get him out.
Mind if I join you?
What the fuck is going on?
I thought I was meeting with... No.
You're meeting me.
It's four in the goddamned morning.
I've got a City Council meeting...
You've been Police Commissioner for what?
Almost a decade now?
We're here to talk about my resume?
"Mayor of DC" would look good on that resume, wouldn't it?
We know that you've been angling to run for some time.
Experience is your strong suit.
Indorsement, fund raising...
they're not.
We can help with that.
Russo.
You're free to go.
It was just a few drinks.
It was enough to get pulled over. I wasn't drunk drunk.
Were you alone?
Yes.
Say it to my face. Watch the road.
Say it to my face!
Yes.
I was alone.
You can not keep doing this, Peter.
It's going to catch up with you.
I know.
Do you think we can arrange two more
at our table for the Jefferson Ball?
For who? The Holburnes.
Why on earth would you want them there?
I'm gonna need her money for the CWI,
the staff cuts were just not enough.
I'll talk to Vasquez.
How are we doing? Good. Progress.
Irons on the fire.
I like irons,
but I love fire.
Yes.
What are you...
The bill is garbage, Donald.
Tax increases, ban on vouchers,
federal oversight.
How do you expect me to get that through a...
But Linda told me to write it, she promise...
I'm sure she said any number of things,
forget what they promised you, Donald.
They want your name because it carrys weight.
Well my name comes with my ideas.
I understand, but you got to be reasonable.
This isn't the Great Debate.
It's about passing meaningful reform,
maybe not everything you would've hope, but...
help me, help you.
That's gonna take time.
Those ideas I've been developing...
If it's time you need I will buy you time
but you've got to promise me your nextatbat
is gonna give me something I can work with.
Okay, Frank.
I'll see what I can do.
Good. And Donald, don't let this get you down.
Why? Together we're gonna do more
than you've been able to do in 25 years.
Two things are now irrelevant:
Donald Blythe and Donald Blythe's new draft.
Eventually I'll have to rewrite the bill myself.
Forward! That is the battle cry.
Leave ideologies for the Armchair General,
does me no good.
Walker just nominated Kern.
It's a long road to confirmation.
Kern is a boy scout.
Nobody is a boy scout, not even boy scouts.
What do you have? Absolutely nothing.
Then what are we talking about?
Just asking the simple question:
does the job interest you?
Why would you want Michael gone?
Cathy, you and I came up together.
The Foreign Affairs Committee needs a Secretary we can work with,
someone who isn't afraid to stand up to Walker when he's wrong.
We need you.
Let's just assume I am interested.
I do not want to assume.
I want to know.
2 6
Ok ... 2637.
Please hold.
Zoe Barnes.
Anywhere you want.
On my way. I'm gonna have to call you back.
I'm so sorry.
I couldn't get a cab, I had to take a train.
Just before you left my house,
think back
what were we discussing?
The president's legislative agenda. Specificly.
Education.
Was I right? Do the math, Miss Barnes.
He needs a bill. Sponsored by?
You? You're smarter than that.
Somebody with legitimacy. Good.
And who screams of legitimacy in education?
Donald Blythe? Correct, the problem is?
He's an old school tax and spend liberal.
Walker run as a moderate.
You think Blythe would talk to me?
He doesn't have to.
Wait.
We are in a very grey area ethically, legally
which I'm okay with...
I just love this painting, don't you?
We are in the same boat now, Zoe.
Take care not to tip it over,
I can only save one of us from drowning.
He announces the education initiative on Monday.
Half of the address is based on...
I understand. Do we need to take it out?
We're fine, Linda.
But you just got through saying he has to start over.
I didn't choose Blythe, you did.
You put him in my lap and ask me to work a miracle,
and I will. Now have a little faith, Linda.
Let me work with Donald on this.
I know what can be accomplished in a hundred days.
All right, Frank.
We're counting on you. Good.
Now I do have a little favor to ask.
Do you think I can get just two more tickets
for my table at the Jefferson Ball?
Drink?
Sure, what do you got?
Whiskey, blent.
If you're offering.
So...
How are things in the city of brotherly love?
We're getting by.
Good. Good.
Oh, sorry, I've made that neat, did you want...
It's perfect.
So...
It seems you've been a bit irresponsible.
What?
Don't play dumb with me Peter.
Save it for the Ethics Committee.
Drink up, you could use a little courage right now.
You're not having one?
It's a bit earlier in the day for me.
This is about the other night?
How do you know about that?
I'm the whip it's my job to know.
Look, they let me off.
There's no charges, it's all taken care of.
Honestly, Peter,
do you really think these things just take care of themselves?
You?
I was just this one time, Frank, I swear to God.
Then you must hold God in very low esteem.
Because we both know that's a lie.
Solicitation, control of substances, driving under the influence.
Got quite a long list of hobbies.
What is it you want?
Your absolute
unquestioning
loyalty.
Always.
Do not misunderstand what I mean by loyalty.
Anything. Name it, Frank.
You seem far too relaxed.
I'm not.
You shouldn't be.
Doug'll be in touch.
Hang on.
Where have you been?
I've been calling here,
everybody's been working double time for the inauguration,
you just up and disappear you....
Hang on.
Let me call you back.
Where did you get this? Wrong question.
The right question is how quickly can we get it up on the site.
I have to run this pass Tom.
Let's get legal on this.
Make sure we're not breaking any laws.
You won't tell me your source? I can't do that.
Fine, but if legal finds even one ...
I understand. How long do you think that will take?
We should get this online right away.
I'm not just going to scan a 300page document
and put it up before we have gone through it every...
I did that already.
The whole thing? Cover to cover.
I've got excerpts, analysis,
three thousand words ready for editting.
You start go over that.
Get graphics work and table's charts the whole nine yards.
Janine!
What's the angle.
Five words. Far left of center.
That's four. Very far left of center.
Enough to put Walker on his heels?
Fuck his heels it's gonna put him on his ass.
What's up?
We've got a copy of the administration education bill.
You gonna work with Zoe, do background cover. Zoe Barnes?
Right here.
Whatever she needs.
Shouldn't I be writting ... She wrote it already!
And I want you to rewrite and rewrite it again.
You'll help her.
Tom, I am your chief political correspondent!
Go! I want this by tomorrow.
But I need to focus on the inauguration.
This is more important.
Let's get started.
That I will faithfully execute the office
of the President of the United States.
That I will faithfully execute the office...
Power's a lot like real estate.
It's all about location, location, location.
The closer you are to the source,
the higher your property value.
Centuries from now, when people watch this footage
who will they see smiling just at the edge of the frame?
So help me God.
Congratulations.
Today ...
is not about the next four years
but about the next four decades.
Now, you place your faith in me...
and I, in turn...
choose to place that faith in our children.
Our children are the key to this nation's future.
And that's why the first order of business for this administration
would be a comprehensive education reform bill
to properly fix, finance,
and strengthen our nation's school.
And I pledge to you...
we will have that bill on the floor of the Congress...
within the first one hundred days of this administration.
It was so nice of you to make this possible.
When you called me... Do not say another word.
I'm gonna miss Al on my ultimate frisbee league this year.
No, I'm serious.
A few of us on budget
have quite a rivalry going with the guys on Finance.
It's fierce, we get physical.
Anybody gets between me and that goal line
I will take that sucker down.
Donald! I've been looking for you everywhere!
Maestro. Here, let me help you with that...
I really like the work you done on the new draft.
It'a big step forward, we gonna make history!
Thanks for the encouragement, Francis.
Listen, I got some ideas about subsidies ...
Catherine! Hold on to that thought, Donald.
Don't you look stunning.
We Southern girls clean up well
when we get out of our Daisy Dukes,
and enter some Vera Wang.
And we southern boys are slow with our words,
but we're fast on our feet.
May I have the honor?
You most certainly may.
Morning, Freddie! Morning Frank.
How's tricks? I can't kick.
Want to go on in? No, why don't you set me up outside.
Outside? But it's freezing out here.
Well, a little cold never hurt anybody.
Anything you say, Frank.
It'll be right up.
My one guilty pleasure is a good rack of ribs,
even at 7:30 in the morning.
Got the whole place to myself.
Freddie sometimes opens up just for me.
Where I come from, South Carolina,
people did have two pennys to rub together.
A rack of ribs was a luxury, like ...
Christmas in July.
Fuck...
The website is absolutely crazy.
Blue Camry DC plate number WJ0029
wanted in connection to canid hit and run
code 1057 file by capital...
Do you want seconds, Frank?
I better not.
Tell you what, Freddie?
Yes I will.
I'm feeling a hunger today.