# S02E03

Raising the age of retirement
is an unacceptable erosion of the American Dream.
If the Republicans fail to pass a reasonable Omnibus package
by demanding entitlement reform,
they will force the federal government into a spending freeze.
The frostbite will be on their hands. Not ours.
Do you think that's a bit much? The frostbite bit?
Well, it's the State of the Union, sir.
We want to appeal to the flyover states.
They'll like that line.
I want something more forceful.
Blood on their hands?
No.
Throw us back into the ice age.
I like that, Christina. Let's try that.
Linda. Christina, you come up here, too.
There are two types of vice presidents.
Doormats and matadors.
Which do you think I intend to be?
Raymond.
He's hung up on the domestic agenda.
Not a single word about China.
His instincts are right.
If the government shuts down one day after the speech,
not a single word in the speech matters.
We have to address the freeze now.
China comes later.
Both parties have been wrangling over entitlements for months.
What makes you think a miracle
is gonna happen in the next three days?
We give the Republicans exactly what they want.
Retirement age?
Yes.
That's a line in the sand we cannot cross.
We will cross it eventually, so why keep fighting it?
I can push this through the Senate.
And once I do, the president will announce
a major bipartisan agreement in the State of the Union.
We avoid a government shutdown,
and the White House gets credit.
It's a huge risk.
And if it fails, a huge embarrassment.
The embarrassment will be entirely my own.
This is on my shoulders.
Even so, the president is gonna require some serious persuasion.
I'm happy to talk to him.
No. No. I'll do it.
He'll be more amenable if it comes from a friend.
You're right. A trusted confidant.
Let me test the waters.
The Cult of Tusk. Membership: one.
But that one disciple just so happens to be
the most powerful man in the free world.
For now.
The entitlements. Raising the age of eligibility to 67.
Your people will never go for it.
They will if the leadership does.
And the leadership will.
They fought us on this since I was in diapers.
Assuming that I can get this past my people and convince them,
can you convince yours?
It's a tough sell.
You're the Senate majority leader, Hector.
You don't have to sell. You can dictate.
What do you want in return?
A working government. We stave off the freeze.
You won on education.
We confirmed you as vice president.
The Republicans need a win, Frank.
And that's what I'm offering.
You get a win on entitlements.
We avoid a shutdown.
Everyone gets points for bipartisanship.
You know who I'm worried about.
Curtis Haas.
He's a troublemaker, Frank.
Who controls a third of your caucus.
And he'll never go for this.
He wants to see the Democrats suffer.
Just bring him to the table.
That's all I'm asking.
Miss Gallagher? My name is Lucas Goodwin.
I'm a deputy editor at the Washington Herald.
Mr. Goodwin, please.
Just a few moments. That's all I'm asking.
If I wanted to talk to you, I would have returned your calls.
Did you read my emails?
Yes. Which is why I didn't call.
Give me a chance to walk you through it.
I have to get back to the White House.
I'm sorry. Peter Russo was killed.
Let go.
So was Zoe Barnes. I was working with her.
Stop and listen --
Frank Underwood is the one who did this.
Listen! This is nuts.
The DUI. The brack hearing. All of it was part of --
This has to stop. Okay?
Did Underwood talk to you?
Tell you not to speak with anybody? No.
Doug Stamper?
Whatever you think happened,
whatever compelled you to stalk me like this --
You're the only person who might know something,
who could understand.
I've got -I've got no one else I can talk --
I don't understand. And I don't want to.
Okay? There's no story here.
Please, just five minutes.
Just think about what you're doing.
Waiting outside of a building --
Peter would still be alive if it wasn't for Frank Underwood.
I've worked really hard to put Peter behind me.
So if I see you again, if I hear from you again,
I'll not only contact the police,
I'll let the vice president know what you're saying about him,
and then you can deal with the Secret Service, too.
It's the usual overseas chatter. Bit of a bum in China,
but we chalk that up to the trade tensions.
Secret Service.
Average number of death threats to both POTUS and the VP.
We passed them along to our dear friends at the FBI.
FBI?
The FBI confirms the level of activity
of our dear friends at the Secret Service.
We followed up on everything. No high-level threats.
So nothing we need to report directly
to the president or vice president?
No. Thank you, gentlemen.
The email you sent. Has anyone else seen it?
Except for the agent that alerted me, no.
Other agencies might have stumbled upon this.
Even so, they probably ignored it.
Any idea who's making the posts?
Deep Web forums.
Almost impossible to trace. Lone wolf most likely.
I want you to find him.
We need a direct threat to life.
The vice president just assumed office.
I can't have this conspiracy stuff going mainstream.
This sort of thing usually fizzles out -- I can't take the chance.
I want you to find him and put him away.
He hasn't committed a crime. But he wants to.
So help him.
That requires manpower.
You've got men.
It exposes me, Doug.
I've always kept you informed because you're an old pal
and I trust you. But...
We're talking about an operation.
I'm an old pal who now works at the White House.
Between old pals,
I've been stuck as the executive liaison for way too long.
How worried are you
that a mass shooting could happen in a school in your community?
Great deal, somewhat, not so much,
not at all, unsure?
You sound hot. Are you hot?
Sir...
Somewhat hot? A great deal hot?
Lynchburg Children's, Pediatric Division.
Can I talk to Cheryl Posner?
Sorry. She's on duty right now.
It's her daughter.
Hold on one moment.
Rachel? Rachel?
Sweetheart, are you there? Please, do--
Hello?
Hello, Mr. Jay.
My name is Rachel
and I'm calling on behalf of the National Firearm Education Center.
Would you be able to speak with me briefly
regarding firearm legislation and Second Amendment legislation?
So, you're Willa's top choice.
Why should you be my husband's and my top choice?
Over the past 10 years
the two of you combined have gotten less coverage
than the average junior congressman from Nebraska.
Well, we don't seek the spotlight.
I'm not suggesting you should.
But am I correct in assuming
that your husband will be an active vice president?
It's harder to keep an active VP out of the press than in it,
but it's possible if we give the media just enough
to keep them from starving.
Where'd you grow up, Connor?
Texas. Just like you.
Dallas?
Lubbock.
I had a much thicker accent to get rid of you than y'all.
How do you know I had one?
Your first joint interview,
when your husband was running for state assembly in '86.
That's on the internet?
No. No. I contacted the local affiliate in Greenville.
They wouldn't send me the tapes via mail,
so I went down there and watched in their vault.
To South Carolina?
When I want a job, I do my homework.
I look forward to seeing what you come up with.
Thank you, Mrs. Underwood.
Thursday.
I don't see how this is a victory for us.
Our choices are the freeze,
which the Democrats get blamed for, or --
Not necessarily. The Republi--
No, which we definitely get blamed for.
Or we offer them -- Entitlements, Frank?
We took a stand. We can't turn back now.
I'd rather see the government grind to a halt.
Think of the headline:
"Democrat Leadership Enacts Entitlement Reform, Staves Off Freeze."
We show unity. We offer progress.
Let's convert some lifelong conservatives.
You have Mendoza's assurance he'll work with us?
I do.
I don't want to put our necks out there
just to have the guillotine fall.
You won't. My neck will be right out there with you.
Francis faints at the sight of blood.
He'd never let them break the skin.
To unity.
No, no, no, no, no. Come on.
Larry, can you come by?
Something weird's going on with my computer.
Thanks.
Come on!
Hey, what's the problem?
Nothing. It's fine. Uh, I fixed it.
Okay. Cool.
It's not as progressive as I'd like.
You mean radical.
Raising retirement age to 67 makes entitlements solvent until 2055.
And it saves us over a trillion dollars
without a single penny of taxpayer income.
68 would give us another 300 billion.
And I'd like to eliminate early retirement.
Entirely?
Forget it.
What about 68 and 64?
I have a responsibility to my constituents.
I promised I wouldn't waver when it comes to things --
Are we really going to allow the Tea Party to determine fiscal legislation?
I've never been beholden to the Tea Party.
Come on, Curtis.
You wouldn't have won reelection
if their PACs hadn't dumped 10 million into your campaign.
If their definition of budgetary conservatism
happens to overlap with mine, that's a function--
Curtis. Curtis. Let's show some goodwill.
Can you stomach 68 and 64?
Effective immediately?
Five years from now.
Not interested.
Well, you know we can't throw this on people without any warning.
They need some time to digest.
I'm sorry. I just can't do it.
Okay. Meet with your staff. Consult with your colleagues.
I'll consult with mine. And let's talk tomorrow.
All right. I can agree to that.
But this is a good first step.
How do we make sure Curtis can't filibuster
when we get the amendment passed?
Assuming we do.
Between you and me, I'm sure we can turn him around.
I just want to be on the safe side.
We make sure the passage of the amendment
constitutes the passage of the bill.
By previous agreement.
Yeah, that's right. We pass the amendment,
and then we're done. Wham, bam.
Can we put that in writing?
Have Erikson reach out to me.
Muchos gracias.
There you go.
Lucas Goodwin?
Good evening, Lucas.
Speak into the microphone.
Who are you?
Go to the home screen. Open the other app.
Tell me who you are.
You've done your research. You know who I am.
I I know who you claim to be.
And if you're not convinced by now, goodbye.
Wait.
All right, I'm on the home screen.
Open the notary app.
What is this?
To ensure you aren't law enforcement.
I'm I'm not.
Then sign.
How?
Hold your thumb to the camera and press "Capture."
How do I know you're not law enforcement?
Sign the document or walk away.
All right. I did it.
Press "Send."
Where is this going?
I'm VPNing through Iran and 12 other countries.
Don't worry. It's secure.
Now, one last thing.
I need the twostep verification code
for the Herald's internal servers.
I I don't I don't even know how to do that.
Yes, you do. Check your email.
Destroy the iPad, especially the serial number
and delete the email after you've memorized it.
Good luck.
Hello?
Raymond, are you there?
Yeah.
Sorry, Frank. I I thought I saw an Inca dove.
Must have flown the wrong direction for winter.
It sounds windy. Where are you?
Top of my building. Got a bird feeder up here.
Nice work with the President. I hear we have a green light.
He pushed back in the beginning, but yeah.
His writers are reworking the speech now.
I'm very close to a deal. 68/64 in five years.
Spending cuts as discussed.
Is that rock solid?
Soon as we shake hands.
What's the holdup?
Curtis Haas, which isn't a surprise.
I'm meeting with him soon. He's the final hurdle.
Cutting it pretty close, Frank.
Well, this is this is historic.
The Republicans have wanted entitlement reform since Johnson.
Curtis will come around.
In the meantime we should get the new retirement age into the speech.
I would stay away from the specifics, Frank.
I mean, I even if it passes, the House might
I know the House better
than you know birds, Raymond.
Believe me when I say they'll pass the Senate version.
I'll talk to the President.
Just make sure this is airtight.
Thank you. What is it?
Lucas Goodwin.
From the Herald.
He must have been working with Zoe.
How much does he know?
No more than she did.
She knew enough.
I'm on it, sir.
Proof?
Not yet.
Jesus, Doug.
It's under control. I just thought you should be aware.
I'm juggling the President, the Republicans, Tusk.
I can't And you should stay focused on that.
Goodwin's on my plate. Not yours.
It wasn't until the 20th century
that the notion of noble objectivism came into the forefront.
But facts are facts.
1992. Fact: George Bush, Sr.
is shown asking how a grocery scanner works,
and he gets nailed for it.
Fact? They were showing him a new model.
He was asking how the new one was different than the old one.
Curiosity, not ignorance.
But the lack of context told a more powerful narrative.
There is no arrangement of acts
that is, uh, purely objective.
We can finally do something. We have the means to act.
Some teenage pimplefaced hacker
This was a sophisticated infiltration.
It's not the work of a child.
Look. Here's the email.
Hieronymus Bot.
The FBI's been hunting him for years.
Lucas, listen to me
If we get these records,
I'll need your help tracking timelines,
piecing together the chronology of the
No. You want somebody to hold your hand
and say it's okay to go on this fucking goose chase.
You shouldn't be teaching in Ithaca. You're better than that.
You should be back home I belong here.
Droning on to a bunch of hungover English majors?
Exactly.
You're wrong about the truth. There is objective truth.
He killed her.
You know it's a fact.
Here's a fact.
My mom has 10, 15 years left at best.
I've seen her more in the past month than since I left for school.
It's simpler here. It's quiet.
I need that. She needs me.
I'm sorry, Lucas.
I'm sorry that night how I reacted.
I'm sorry you lost your girlfriend.
I'm sorry the world is this fucked up.
I really am.
But I can't help you.
Where's everyone else?
I did you a disservice yesterday.
We shouldn't have put you on the spot in front of all the leadership.
Have a seat, Curtis.
We know that you have an obligation to take a firm stance,
but entitlement reform is something you ran on,
and now it's within your grasp.
So tell us your fears.
That the Democrats get another win.
We suffer in the midterms,
and the next Congress dismantles the agreement.
You think we're being disingenuous.
My constituents don't trust the administration.
I can't have them thinking the wool's been pulled over our eyes.
As I suspected. Hector?
Frank and I propose this:
We include a super majority point of order
against revisiting the issue for 10 years.
You have it in black and white.
A serious, longterm commitment with no opportunity to dismantle.
And that's on top of everything else we asked for.
VA services and FEMA stay at current levels.
Everything else at 80 to 100 percent of the cuts you propose.
You get your win, Curtis.
We just avoid disaster.
Maybe the country needs to see what disaster looks like.
The Tea Party has a strong voice, and you're its bullhorn.
Show your people that voice can translate into law
and not just add to the noise.
15 years before revisitation. Not 10.
Okay.
And if the House fails to pass the bill after we do,
you go on record blaming your own party for the gridlock.
I believe we have a deal.
What are you listening to?
I'm sorry. I'll turn...
No, it's nice. Can I listen?
My ears are clean. I promise.
Thanks.
It's beautiful. Yeah.
It's so sad.
It helps me relax.
Long day?
I work at a call center.
So, yeah. 200 strangers an hour.
I'll leave you alone.
You probably don't want to talk to another one.
It it's all right. As long as you don't hang up on me.
Do you ever just talk to them? The strangers?
We're not allowed to.
All I would want to do is ask them about who they are.
What about you? What do you do?
I, um, I work at the bookstore and the daycare center.
I had that same look on my face
the first time somebody handed me one of those.
Yeah, I'm I'm just I'm not religious.
Just keep it. Check it out, or don't.
We've got really good music there.
I'm thank you.
The House sent a bill to the Senate.
What Frank wants to send back bears zero resemblance.
Because it's bipartisan. Unlike ours.
That sounds like something Frank would say.
I'm not Frank.
He has a desk in your office.
If this bill passes in the Senate
It won't.
We should be prepared, Bob.
Well, I'm prepared to wait and see.
Have a good afternoon, ladies.
"Ladies"?
He's threatened.
He's a pig.
Give him time.
He used to have two white middleaged guys at his side.
Now he's got a black guy and a woman 20 years his junior.
Who knows how to shoot a rifle.
We just need to keep at him.
Yes?
Catalina Rodriguez is on line four.
Give me a moment.
Catalina.
Ted told me it was you.
You there?
Yes, I'm here.
The press won't leave us alone.
For weeks they're showing up,
trying to get pictures of me and Emily.
It wasn't me.
You're the only one who knew.
I doI don't know how the story got out.
Why would Ted lie abut that?
I don't know. Maybe maybe he's ashamed.
So what do I do? When will they leave us alone?
I I don't know, Catalina.
I can't live like this.
I'm sI'm sorry. I don't know what to say.
How how is Emily doing?
Catalina?
He's very confident.
Yeah, but does he have what it takes?
We'll see when I get his media plan.
What about his personality?
Charming. Direct. Very thorough.
He found our first interview together, in '86.
I would love to see that. Does he have a copy?
I don't think so. The TV station made him watch it there.
We should screen that for the president and the first lady.
Show 'em how it's done.
Christina...
What about her?
Have you noticed anything strange between her and the president?
How do you mean?
I passed them in the hall yesterday.
And they seem I don't know very intimate.
They did seem cozy at the prep session.
Do you think...?
No. Not necessarily.
An interesting thought, though.
Sorry to interrupt, sir.
We're having lunch.
The Republicans are backing out.
Mendoza's chief of staff just gave me the headsup.
Get Mendoza on the phone.
It's Curtis Haas. He got cold feet.
Cages. It's really kinda like but,
you know, people look at 'em. It's kind of fun.
I got your email.
Now good for you?
Yeah, sure. Can I call you right back?
What exactly did you need to know?
We're doing some followup pieces on the cyber warfare thing.
I just wanted to get a layman's understanding
of how the Chinese might get through a firewall.
It's a bit complicated, but I could show you the basics.
That's all I need.
We use a standard Ntier architecture.
Think of it like a big sandwich with layers of bread.
Between each is the lettuce, the tomato, the roast beef, whatever.
What I'm pulling up here is the org code,
which, uh, separates the database
Shit. I forgot there's a meeting with sales in a couple minutes.
You want to do this later?
No. I'll just run over
and let them know I'll be a few minutes late. Be right back.
Cool. I'll be here.
Okay.
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
There.
Come on.
Okay.
Go.
Something wrong?
Can't find my phone. It it's weird.
I had it just a minute ago.
Here it is. Sorry about that.
No problem.
So the, uh, Ntier architecture.
The hightech sandwich I was talking about.
I thought Mendoza was willing to work with us.
He is. The problem is Curtis Haas.
And have you spoken with him?
His office isn't returning our calls.
Neither is Mendoza's
I should've stuck to my guns.
The vote isn't until tomorrow afternoon.
I'll reach out to Mendoza first thing in the
This is the State of the Union, Frank.
I won't be left in limbo.
If we need to start rewriting that speech now,
I don't want to waste a minute.
I can turn this around, sir.
You know, Raymond told me this was your idea.
To pursue this compromise.
I suggested it as an option.
He said you bullied him into it,
that he thought it was a a mistake.
If he felt so strongly, he should have advised you otherwise.
Raymond is not a politician.
He relies on our political expertise
as much as we rely on his business acumen.
Maybe we shouldn't point fingers until there's a problem.
Oh, you wouldn't call this a problem.
Not if it's solved before it becomes one.
You see, I wanted a Vice President who can manage Congress.
Not one who bites off more than he can chew.
Then have faith you made the right choice, sir.
Whatever faith I have is quickly evaporating.
Don't humiliate the administration, Frank.
You're part of it now.
Yes, sir.
We're done.
Thank you, Mr. President.
Give me the private line, please.
Tusk is blocking my way. Goodwin at my heels.
There can be no false steps now.
The higher up the mountain, the more treacherous the path.
Lucas Goodwin went up to visit her.
They may be looking for you.
Nobody's contacted me. I don't think anyone knows I'm here.
Then we need to make sure it stays that way.
Don't speak to anyone you don't have to.
Don't go anywhere you don't need to be.
Tell me you heard what I said.
I heard you. I get it.
I'm fine.
Put some ice on it. I said it's okay.
What is this?
What, are you going through my garbage now?
Someone gave it to me on the bus.
You let me know if anyone contacts you.
Sorry I'm late.
No worries.
How much more you want to do right now?
Fill in this area?
Yeah. And, uh, one more poppy down here.
That's a lot for one sitting.
I know.
Okay.
Francis?
You're heading in?
Mendoza's an early riser.
You'll figure this out.
I need to prove what the Vice President is capable of.
Don't prove it to them. Prove it to me.
Curtis has me by the tea bags, Frank.
I don't have a working majority without him.
He wasn't elected leader.
True. But I have to pick my battles.
If you can't control him on budgetary issues
It's not just him. It's the 15 senators he has under his thumb.
I won't be the leader next year if they turn on me.
So he wants to be courted. Sit him down
I already tried talking to him. He wouldn't budge.
Then we'll both talk to him.
He's made his position clear.
We all shook hands at this table.
The most I can do is put the substitute amendment
on the floor with limited debate.
Now, your people can say whatever they want for the record.
But we're gonna vote the amendment down.
I am not interested in symbolic gestures.
That's all I can offer.
Where's your courage?
My power has limits, Frank.
Five Republicans makes you the deciding vote.
Now, it's highly doubtful
we can get them to vote against their own party.
But they might abstain.
You'd need 10.
Entitlement is the Republicans' white whale.
I can get at least two of 'em to flip.
And you'd only need six abstaining.
Erikson's already making calls.
Donner?
And Pulaski.
All right. Get me a call list so I can tagteam with him.
Got it right here.
We have to get medieval.
When it comes to parliamentary procedure,
there's not a rule I don't know, sir.
Find me the ones we can bend.
Mark, you're a sensible man.
Yes, I I know I understand.
What if tell you what.
What if both VA hospitals in your district yes, both of them.
Hold on. Who?
Moriarty.
I promised him an amendment for his bovine research center.
That makes six.
Mark, if I can get you funding for both,
are you with us?
Excellent.
You come by the White House
and have lunch with me sometime soon.
Byebye. We have the numbers.
Once you break the quorum call
it's gonna be a little tricky.
Tell me on the way.
Sir. Sir.
We might not have a majority. What?
The Dems are poaching people.
Donner, Pulaski. Maybe more.
Voting for the amendment?
Some. Others abstaining. I'm still trying to figure out who.
We need to delay and figure out what the fuck's going on.
Quorum call. There's 49 hours until the recess.
We call a name an hour.
Mr. Avendale?
Here.
Excuse me. I do believe you're sitting in my chair.
Mr. Drewry, what is the order of business.
We are in a quorum call, sir.
Then why aren't you calling the roll?
We are, sir. In a deliberate manner.
Let's speed it up.
Mr. Brown?
Here.
More expeditious than that.
Mr. Burr? Here.
Ms. Cantwell? Here.
Mr. Cerini?
Check.
Cornwall?
Here.
Mr. Colson?
Ms. Douster
Here.
They have a quorum. We don't have the numbers.
Out. Let's get all our people out.
Mr. Demerell. Mr. Darling. Here.
Mr. Daswani. Here.
Mr. Donner. Faster.
Mr. Dobben, Mr. Dwyer.
Erinburgh, Engel, Erikson. Here.
Feld, Ferrison, Gentry.
Mr. Haas.
Mr. Whitehouse. Here.
Mr. Wicker. Mr. Wyden.
Mr. President, a quorum is not present.
The chair recognizes the minority leader, Mr. Erikson.
Mr. President,
I move to direct the sergeant at arms
to compel the attendance of absent Senators;
that warrants for the arrests of all senators not sick nor excused
be issued under the signature of the presiding officer.
The question is on the motion. All those in favor say "Aye"
Aye.
All those opposed, "Nay."
Nay.
The ayes have it, and the motion is agreed to.
The sergeant of arms is hereby instructed
to compel the attendance of absent senators.
It feels good to be back in Congress.
The Democrats have now empowered the Capitol Police
to arrest absent members if necessary.
According to Republican Senator Curtis Haas,
one of the staunchest opponents of the entitlement amendment,
the vice president is, quote,
"Replacing democracy with tyranny.
He's transformed the Senate into a police state within the Capitol."
But
It'll be even harder to stay out of the news now.
Then why the joint interview?
I watched the South Carolina one again.
Convinced them to make me a copy.
It's powerful. Here you go.
I thought you might want it.
There's a moment where you ran your fingers through his hair.
It's intimate and human.
That moment alone would've made me want to vote for your husband.
Something like that will buy you months of flying beneath the radar.
And who do you have in mind to conduct the interview?
Does this mean I have the job?
It means you still haven't been ruled out.
Well, I'll consider that progress.
This is the Democratic cloak room, Hector.
Yours is on the other side.
What you're doing won't work.
It might. Which is why you made the long walk over here.
Ice water?
I have my people in planes, trains, and automobiles.
All I need is six to make my quorum.
Think what I can do with 26 votes.
And I've got 45.
You won't be able to get your planes and trains back here fast enough.
I'll roll those dice.
The sergeant at arms is very good at his job.
And this is a perfect way to show Curtis who's in charge.
I'm doing you a favor, Hector.
Tell me what you want.
What I've always wanted. The package we shook hands on.
Then I'll give you your Senate back.
They can't come back voluntarily.
Pick your six best actors.
We can't give in, Hector.
We wouldn't be in this situation had you towed the party line.
Mr. Mendoza is present.
Under protest.
Ms. Cornwall is present.
Under protest.
Mr. Ullman is present. Mr. Walsh is present.
Ms. Douster is present.
And Mr. Haas is present.
Mr. President, a quorum is now present.
You can pass the amendment. I'll just filibuster the main bill.
No, you won't.
Watch me.
As much as I'd like to see you hold your piss for two days,
we struck a deal with Hector.
The passage of the substitute amendment
constitutes passage of the main bill.
I wasn't informed of that.
Pay attention to the fine print, Curtis.
It's far more important than the selling price.
Let's go.
I want an immediate call of the roll.
Don't let half a second pass.
Yes, sir.
A quorum is present.
The question is on the adoption of the substitute
amendment to HR 934.
The yeas and nays have been ordered,
and the clerk will call the roll.
Mr. Abner?
Aye.
Mr. Avendale?
Aye.
Mr. Brown?
I'd like to propose an amendment to HR 934
Mr. Haas, you are out of order. The roll call has begun.
The clerk will continue to call the roll.
Mr. Brown? Mr. Burr?
Aye.
Ms. Cantwell?
Aye.
Mr. Cerini?
Aye.
Mr. Chess?
Aye.
Ms. Cornwall?
Nay.
Mr. Colson?
I'm glad you came.
Yeah. Me, too.
What'd you think?
The music was really beautiful.
Not what you expected?
I wasn't sure what to expect.
I'm Lisa.
Rachel. Sorry.
No. We've got cookies and cake inside, if you...
I think I'm gonna...
If you want to meet some of my friends.
Yeah. Okay. Yeah?
Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
We should add "Miracle worker" to your resume, Frank.
Lazarus makes for a good magic act,
but life would have been a lot easier
if the bastard hadn't died in the first place.
The president wanted to go ballistic, but I calmed him down.
I said, "Don't worry. Frank'll pull this out.
Did you? I don't blame you for being twofaced, Raymond.
It's good politics, as long as you don't get caught at it.
Now, Frank, if you think that I
It's okay, Raymond. Jesus forgives you. Goodnight.
Hello?
Hello?
Care for some wine?
No.
Step in the room.
Closer. Closer.
State your name and the date.
Wait, why? I
State your name and the date, please.
Lucas Goodwin. February 13th.
Year.
2014.
Are you currently or have you ever been a member of the
What what what is this?
Are you currently or have you ever been a member
of any law enforcement agency?
I already told you I wasn't.
Twostep verification.
No, I'm not. And I haven't.
Are you currently or have you ever been
an informant for law enforcement?
No.
You think you might have been followed?
Anything strange the past few weeks?
Th this is you know what?
This is making me feel uncomfortable
We're not fucking around here.
If you think the FBI hasn't been tracking your posts,
then you're naive.
You think they know who I am?
No. You hid yourself well.
What are you going to do with the Herald.
Nothing.
Then why did you want access?
I already had access.
It's how I contacted you in the first place.
Just needed to know if you were serious.
That's Cashew.
Why did you contact me?
Because you're desperate.
And I'm not fond of authority.
Just today, under the leadership of Vice President Underwood,
the Senate passed HR 934,
along with an historic entitlement reform amendment.
By raising the retirement age to 68 and 65
for normal and early retirement, respectively,
we will ensure entitlements for generations to come.
And when the House passes that bill in a few weeks,
as I fully expect it to do,
we will put the government freeze to rest.
We will continue the business of serving our country,
rather than paralyzing it.
The American people deserve no less.
We stand at the altar of democracy.
Let us stand together.
I spoke to Jackie. You have my support in the House.
But it hasn't passed the House yet.
There's a long march before it arrives on the president's desk.
As for me, I used to be on the edge of the frame.
Now I'm only three feet away.