# S02E13

We have a president who not only took mindaltering medication
a man who has his finger on the button
while U.S. Ships are squaring off with China
but then instructed his White House counsel to coach a
Allegedly, sir. Not proven.
To coach a witness. Which is behavior either resulting
from the use of those drugs, or worse,
a deliberate attempt to obstruct the law.
Now wouldn't you call either scenario impeachable?
That's for the United States Congress to decide, sir. Not me.
Were you aware that the president was taking any form of medication?
No, I was not.
Did you notice him acting in a bizarre fashion?
Unstable, incoherent? No, sir.
Any odd behavior? No, sir.
Not even firing his chief of staff in the midst of a trade war?
He didn't fire me. I resigned.
Would you tell us why?
I resigned because I felt I could no longer
serve the president to the best of my ability.
And what changed? How did you come to that conclusion?
I had some fundamental differences of opinion
with certain people in the White House.
Like who? The president?
No, sir.
Well, what certain people then?
One person, actually.
The vice president, Frank Underwood.
He wanted you gone?
I can't speak as to what the vice president did or didn't want.
Was he trying to hide anything?
Was he afraid you might expose something?
You'd have to ask him, sir.
What's happening in the Judiciary Committee is a farce.
The Republicans are exploiting the situ
Excuse me, Mr. Vice President,
but it's not just Republicans.
A number of Democrats have come out saying
they would support impeachment.
Including the Majority Whip, Jackie Sharp.
Which is egregious,
since the committee hasn't stopped hearing testimony,
and nor has the special prosecutor completed her investigation.
You vigorously defend the president,
but there are reports that you've had a falling out.
That you haven't spoken in weeks.
That is simply not true.
I've spoken to senior staff at the White House
who say the president is worried you want to run against him in 2016.
And just today Linda Vasquez intimated that you
Look, I fully expect that the president will run in 2016,
and I hope he's generous enough to invite me
to be his running mate.
Impeachment, conviction. Let's say it happens.
It won't. He's completely innocent.
Let's say it does happen. You become president.
That is not a scenario I'm going to entertain.
But the thought must have crossed your mind.
And one could make the argument that the president
wouldn't be in this predicament if it weren't for you.
It's your staff's involvement with Feng and Lanagin
that expanded Dunbar's investigation,
Look, these impeachment hearings
are the result of political maneuvering,
not the fact that Your maneuverings, or the Republicans?
Morley, I've always liked you.
You ask the tough questions.
And you can certainly question my judgment.
But do not question my patriotism.
I serve this nation and my president, not myself.
He's lying through his teeth.
What we're doing is working.
We keep the whisper campaign alive.
We spin him as powerhungry, as duplicitous.
Focus attention on him. Not you.
What's the latest? 20%?
Zogby has you at 24. Your speech made a difference.
The approval numbers are moving in the right direction.
We need to do more than play the spin game.
We need to destroy Frank. Offer his head instead of mine.
We use Raymond Tusk. How?
At his hearing. When he goes to the Judiciary.
Sir, you're already being accused of coaching one witness.
If you take steps to coach anoth
Not coaching. The truth.
Raymond admits to the money laundering,
puts Frank at the center of this, and says I knew nothing.
And then we'll reward him for his honesty.
You mean a pardon.
I want you to talk to him.
And put myself at risk?
Well, you're not part of this administration anymore.
There's no law that says you can't pay Raymond Tusk a visit.
And in return, resignations don't have to last forever, Linda.
If I do this, you have to be a million miles away.
Tricia and I'll go to Camp David.
It's not a million miles away, but it'll do the job.
I can go after Linda. Dig into her past
Neutralizing her won't neutralize the bigger problem.
It's the president that's after blood.
Then what's his move?
He can't ask me to resign. He'd have to force me out.
And to do that, if I were him,
I would return to the hand that first fed me.
Raymond Tusk? Exactly.
No, he'd have to implicate himself to implicate you.
Not if he gets a pardon.
It's the one thing that only a president can offer.
Tusk is a hand grenade. If he pardons him
You're right. Tusk is a hand grenade,
and we need to pull the pin and throw him at Walker
before Walker pulls the pin and throws him at us.
I want to meet with Raymond, one on one.
Let me speak on your behalf.
That way if anyone finds I know Raymond.
He won't respond to anyone but me.
When's his hearing scheduled?
Uh, day after tomorrow. Two p.m.
That gives us 40 hours to make it happen. Yes, sir.
I think it's mine.
Seth, it's four in the morning.
When?
I want you to go with her.
I'll get it cleared with Rockland right now. Thank you.
Meechum says the plane will be ready in 30 minutes.
Okay, good.
You think it was just a panic attack
or was she really trying I don't know.
It was bad enough they felt they had to keep her overnight.
I'm gonna call the White House physician's office,
see if they can recommend anyone. Okay.
Oh, wait. My phone. It's in your hand.
I'll be back sometime tonight.
Impeachment is our only chance.
Here are the seats that are still in contention in the midterms.
These 13 we're gonna lose no matter what we do.
But even if we win all the rest,
that only leaves us with a fiveseat majority.
We either save the party or we save the president.
Anyone who votes against impeachment
is gonna get pommeled by attack ads between now and election day.
How many do you have already?
We need 18. I have six.
So, 12 more to go.
Look, Donald, I know this is a big ask
and you prefer to focus on policy and not
Jackie, you can stop. I'm on board.
Really? 100%.
I have to say I'm a little surprised.
When you rolled those dollies into the cloakroom you said,
"Work with me. I'm not Frank Underwood."
And then you helped get my stimulus package through,
just like you promised.
And what do you expect this time?
That you never become Frank Underwood.
You must realize if we're successful, he will replace Walker.
I don't like Frank. but I hate being in the minority even more.
We can't let the Republicans control both houses of Congress.
You've changed since I joined the leadership.
Just getting better at playing the game.
I guess you can teach an old liberal new tricks.
I guess so.
So, tell me who you still need.
My lawyers are saying 50/50 that I survive a trial.
Now, I'm not a big fan of those odds,
but I'm willing to take 'em.
If your lawyers are putting it at a coin toss,
then you're paying them too much to be overly optimistic.
And how can I trust Garrett?
He turned his back on 20 years of friendship.
He could accuse you of the same.
Well, nobody on this planet
wants to see Frank Underwood go to jail more than I do.
I just don't want to be sharing a cell with him.
That won't happen.
All you've given me to go on is Garrett's word.
He's asking you to tell the truth.
Good things happen to those who do the right thing.
And you just expect Frank to lie down,
throw in the towel, hmm?
We don't even give him the chance.
Your testimony knocks him out cold.
Excuse me.
Yes? Oh, thank you.
Hold on.
There you go.
Care package from my wife.
Now, you were saying.
I just want to warn you, she's not herself right now.
They had to put her on some heavy doses.
Of what?
Lithium, mostly.
It was either that or commit her for 30 days.
Now she just took some, so she might be a little...
Megan?
Stop.
Your mom told me they found you in the lake.
What do you care?
I care very much.
No, you don't.
You don't use somebody you care about.
Whore.
Slut.
Bitch.
Traitor.
That's what they call me.
In my mail. Online.
I wish I'd never called.
I wish I'd never met you.
I feel so stupid believing what you told me.
Thinking that you did care.
I was getting better.
You did this to me.
Every time I take one of these I think of him.
And the next face I think of?
It's yours.
I'm sorry that you felt used.
You weren't.
I just, um...
like I told you, the political landscape shifted and
and we found...
Megan?
Hello?
I got your text.
I know I shouldn't be reaching out to you, but I thought...
No, that doesn't matter. I'm glad you did.
How is she?
In bad shape.
I'm surprised they even let her out of the hospital, to be honest.
Is there anything I can do?
Should I contact her family or go out there myself?
We should probably leave her alone.
Are you okay?
I'm fine. How about you?
Uh, holding up.
Spent the whole day talking to lawyers.
It's hard on the kids.
They're embarrassed and frightened.
But we'll get through it.
I thought the speech you and Garrett gave was very moving.
Well, it seems to have helped some.
I was inspired by you, actually.
When you admitted to the abortion on TV.
The truth is a powerful thing.
Tricia, I want to apologize.
What for?
I feel partly responsible for everything
your family's going through.
It was my suggestion that you get counseling.
And had I known then, I never would have said a word.
Claire, please. Counseling was a godsend.
Garrett and I needed help,
and it's made things better.
I should be thanking you.
And thank you for letting me know about Megan.
It was kind of you to make that trip.
You're a good person, Claire. Be well.
I take it this is about my hearing.
Did Walker get to you first?
Barely.
But sometimes barely is enough.
I'm sure he offered you a pardon.
Always better to offer something your competitor can't.
Oh, but I can.
The last time I read the Constitution,
the most a vice president could offer was, um,
smile and a wink.
I think I've proven that I'm not your typical vice president.
Typical or not, you've lost, Frank.
I have an out. You don't.
Garrett will not survive impeachment.
If there's one skill you can't deny,
it's my ability to whip votes.
In the House. Not in the Senate.
Which the Constitution makes me the President of.
And you saw what I did with entitlement.
Hubris is giving you delusions of grandeur, Frank.
Let's say Walker squeaks by.
Yes, you get your pardon.
But you've bound yourself at the hip
to a man who has zero political capital.
And if he gets convicted, we all go to jail.
There's no pardon for anyone.
I'll roll the dice.
Raymond, think like a businessman.
Haven't you built a fortune by minimizing risk?
Isn't that why you stacked Congress all these years,
why you guided Garrett to the Oval,
and why you kept me on as Whip?
Walker is a junk bond quickly depreciating,
whereas I can end the conflict with China
and keep you in the black.
You can't promise better relations with China.
I wrecked them. I can repair them.
Now let's work together, as we always intended to do.
When they put you in that box barely bigger than a coffin,
remember how beautiful the music was tonight.
It might give you some small degree of comfort.
Puccini's a downer. I prefer something much more optimistic.
They won't touch Brown. The trial date is set.
They can reduce the charges.
Dallas won't give. If I keep pressing,
it'll start to look suspect.
What I can do is make sure you don't get prosecuted.
And I stop working for you.
Not quite. I told the U.S. Attorney
that we wanted to bring you on with us.
Cyber terrorism division. You'd get a clean slate, as
No fucking way.
They're not gonna let your case go
unless we give them a compelling reason.
There's no o I've spent half my life fighting the Bureau.
It's the only way I could sell it.
Take this opportunity, Gavin,
before they change their minds.
I want to meet with Douglas Stamper.
No. The deal was I find you a way out.
No, the deal was you help out Brown and you give me my freedom.
You haven't done shit for Brown,
and you still want to keep me under your thumb.
So I meet Stamper, or any kinda deal is off.
Raymond said no.
He said neither yes nor no.
I'll keep the pressure on.
So he could still name you.
He could. Anything's possible.
Well, you have to stop him.
I'm trying.
Well, trying's not enough, Francis.
Well, I can't sit next to him in the hearing room
with a gun to his head.
Now that sounds like an excuse.
It's a reality.
You promised me I wasn't going to have to prepare for the worst.
And I intend to keep that promise.
Well, I want to be sure. I want both of us to be sure.
The only surefire way is for Walker to call him off personally.
Then make that happen.
I cannot force a man who thinks I'm his enemy
to suddenly call me his friend.
I've done what I had to do.
Now you do what you have to do.
Seduce him. Give him your heart.
Cut it out and put it in his fucking hands.
Dear Mr. President,
I'm writing on an Underwood portable
my father gave me when I left for the Sentinel.
It was the words my father said when he gave it to me
that have resonated even more than this 70yearold machine.
"This Underwood built an empire," He said. "
"Now you go and build one of your own."
Those words have been a large part of what has motivated my life.
I've only written one other letter with these keys.
It did not fail me then. I hope it will not fail me now.
You said I wanted to diminish you.
The truth is, I don't.
You said I wanted to challenge you in 2016.
The truth is, I don't.
You said I wanted the presidency for myself.
The truth is,
I do.
What politician hasn't dreamed about what it would be like
to take the oath of the highest office of our land?
I've stared at your desk in the Oval and coveted it.
The power, the prestige.
Those things have a strong pull on someone like me,
who came from a small South Carolina town with nothing.
But since you assumed office,
my only aim has been to fight for you
and alongside you,
whether that be in Congress or as now,
the battle over impeachment.
Maybe one day I'll have my chance to serve as president,
but not while you are the nation's leader.
And in you, sir, I see a brave man.
A just man. A president whom I would follow anywhere,
no matter how strong the wind blows against us.
I want to tell you something I have never told anyone:
When I was 13 I walked in on my father in the barn.
There was a shotgun in his mouth.
He waved me over. "Come here, Francis," He said.
"Pull the trigger for me."
Because he didn't have the courage to do it himself.
I said, "No, Papa," And walked out,
knowing he would never find that courage.
The next seven years were hell for my father,
but even more hell for my mother and me.
He made all of us miserable.
Drinking, despair, violence.
My only regret in life is that I didn't pull that trigger.
He would have been better off in the grave,
and we would have been better off without him.
I'm not going to put you in the same position
as my father put me in.
You will find enclosed on a separate sheet
a confession to the crimes you have been accused of.
They're false words, but my signature will make them true.
Use them if you must.
If you truly believe that I have only served myself,
then I have forever lost your trust.
All I can do now is give you my freedom to save your own.
I said I would take the fall for you,
and now I give you the means to make that happen.
I am pulling the trigger myself.
We all must make sacrifices to achieve our dream,
but sometimes we must sacrifice ourselves for the greater good.
It is my honor to make such a sacrifice now.
Your loyal friend, still in my heart,
if not in yours, Francis.
The Constitution sets forth the general principles
Sir? The president's on the phone.
Mr. President.
I got your letter. I had Tricia read it, too.
I'm torn, Frank. Half of me wants to think you're genuine.
The other half doesn't trust a word of it.
Does Tricia feel the same way?
She believes in Claire, which inclines her to believe in you.
I meant every syllable.
I wanted you to know beyond a shadow of a doubt
that I am willing to do whatever is necessary.
Well, then why can't I shake the shadow?
Because I'm a liar, sir.
Because I lack scruples and some would even say compassion.
But that's just the image that I present to the world
because it elicits fear and respect.
But it is not who I am.
My hope was that my letter would prove that to you.
Well, even if you are being genuine,
that doesn't do much for me.
I won't survive impeachment
because I got along with my vice president.
No, I agree you need more than my good intentions.
Proof. That's what I want to see, Frank.
And not just falling on the sword. Show me results.
And then I'll reconsider whether you're worth any of my trust at all.
You're talking votes.
Yeah. Whipping votes was your strong suit.
That's the side of you I want to see.
I've already begun, sir.
Yeah? You have a count?
An approximation. The sands keep shifting.
Well, can we survive the House or not?
Possibly, but Jackie Sharp is making it very difficult.
Give me numbers.
Over half of the 18 that she needs,
which is why I'd like to start focusing on the Senate.
Don't you think that's premature?
We should be prepared.
The key battle is making sure that you avoid conviction.
Well, you keep whipping, you keep getting me information,
I'll answer your calls.
But don't take that as a sign of reconciliation, Frank.
I'll sing for my supper, sir.
I don't expect it for free.
Let's talk again tomorrow.
Thank you, Mr. President.
You said you wanted options.
Frank didn't leave me options. He fucked me.
You fucked him first when you sided with Tusk.
But who cares what happened each inning?
It's the final score that counts.
Eight years I spent busting my ass in this office.
I can't seem to escape it.
You gonna help us or not?
I need to know what I gain.
You'll be taking care of. Specifically.
We'll see what makes sense when all the chips have fallen.
So you just want me to leap off a cliff
and hope for a soft landing beneath?
No one will touch you now. Nobody except us.
We're as soft as you're gonna get.
A job at the White House?
No promises.
Other than something commensurate
with your loyalty and experience.
I could just walk away from it all. Start a new life.
No, you can't. You know you can't.
You'd wither away anywhere but the Hill.
It's never been about the money,
no matter what you tell yourself.
When I left, Frank begged me to stay.
"Power versus money," He said.
Don't reduce myself to a tax bracket.
He was right. And I doubt he begged.
He was half right.
Power is better than money for as long as it lasts.
But it never lasts.
What's your answer?
You've gotten colder since you've taken over this job.
It makes things easier.
On the outside.
And the inside.
I miss you, Jackie.
Tell me if you'll cooperate.
How's your brother enjoying working with the congressman?
Oh, excuse me one second.
Mr. President.
I want you to call Tusk. Tell him the deal is off.
What? You were right.
I don't want to take the risk.
But I already spoke to him.
Well, so speak to him again. And tell him there's no pardon.
Sir, I I I was skeptical of this strategy at first,
but now that we've gone down this road, we should stick to it.
Linda, do you still want your job back?
Of course, sir.
Then make the call.
I'd rather see what happens in the House
before I get involved in any way.
But if you came out vigorously in defense of the President,
it might convince the Judiciary Committee
To be honest, I'm not particularly inclined
to be doing Walker any favors.
Now, Michael, I know he revoked your nomination.
He didn't fight for me at all.
Well, he'd just been elected. He wasn't in a position to
Wrong. He had a clear mandate.
He was in a strong position to defend me.
You're right.
If I had been President I wouldn't have given in so easily.
I would've stuck by you after that article came to light.
In fact, if you'd been our secretary of state instead of Durant,
I don't think we'd be in the mess we are with China.
But the truth is, I wouldn't have nominated you
for secretary of state in the first place.
I would have nominated you for secretary of treasury.
Because your expertise in economics is even better
than your grasp on foreign affairs.
No, if I were president, you'd be secretary of treasury.
If you were president.
That's right.
You can't do this.
What happened?
Was it Frank?
Linda, listen to me
I understand.
Thanks.
The deal is off.
Did she say why?
No. Other than he changed his mind.
But it must be Frank.
Then we go back to the original plan.
That's right. You plead the Fifth just like you did before.
This is political theater.
We get past it and focus on the Jesus Christ.
What is it?
Remy Danton is volunteering to testify to Dunbar, right now.
He volunteered? He wasn't subpoenaed?
Looks that way.
He's gonna sell me out.
That would open him up to prosecution.
Unless he's being protected.
Where's Danton?
I'll call his assistant.
Did you or did you not facilitate foreign money
being funneled into political action committees?
On the advice of my counsel,
I reserve my right to invoke the Fifth Amendment.
Xander Feng claims you not only facilitated,
you orchestrated the scheme.
Now what is your response to that testimony?
On the advice of my counsel, I reserve my right to
You can reserve your right all day long, Mr. Tusk.
But when you appear in front of a grand jury,
as I'm sure the Justice Department intends,
your silence will be your downfall.
Does the congressman have a question?
You can hide from us all you want, sir.
You cannot hide from a jury of your peers.
Mr. Chairman. That's it. I'm done.
I relinquish the remainder of my time.
The chair recognizes the congresswoman from Tennessee.
You have 12 minutes, ma'am.
Mr. Tusk, our nation is currently embroiled in a trade war with China.
It has gutted our economy.
It has placed our navy in harm's way.
The president who put us there has He knew.
Excuse me?
My client reserves the
He knew. Isn't that what you're all wondering?
Quiet, please.
Knew what, exactly?
There was a mechanism by which a great many contributions
were made over the last 10 years.
The legality of this mechanism is something
that I continue to believe is within the boundaries of the law.
But as for the mechanism itself, Mr. Feng is correct.
I orchestrated it. I facilitated it.
And the president knew about it.
Danton just canceled.
Screw Danton. We've got Tusk.
Get me the attorney general.
That won't be necessary, Mr. Tusk.
If you'll come with us.
That's a shame.
Handcuffs were another item on my bucket list.
Right this way, sir. You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say can and will be used against you.
We'll want a bond. For his cooperation in the hearing.
I'll talk bonds if you'll talk a plea.
Response to the testimony has been swift and vocal.
Protesters have been gathering in front of
the White House since yesterday,
demanding President Walker's resignation.
And an online petition has already accumulated
over 200,000 signatures in the past 24 hours.
The list of lawmakers publicly condemning the president
has grown on both sides of the aisle.
And this afternoon the Chinese ambassador
also condemned the Walker administration,
saying China would not negotiate with a president
who dealt with corrupt businessmen behind Beijing's back.
This at a time when warships from both countries
Meanwhile the president and first lady remain bunkered
at Camp David and have offered no public response
to the most recent developments in Washington.
I'm here with Ayla Sayyad of the Wall Street Telegraph.
And Ayla, I have to begin by saying that sources
on the Hill are telling me
that the Judiciary Committee may bypass debate all together.
Uh, no one on the committee has gone on record about that.
But do you think these rumors would be circulating
if there weren't some sort of strong preference
to recommend the Articles of Impeachment to the House?
I think it's safe to assume there is strong support.
Every poll I've seen shows
an overwhelming majority of Americans want this to move forward.
I don't think politicians are going to ignore that.
I've talked to a number of my colleagues already.
There's support on my side of the aisle.
Well, how many do you have? Five at this point, including me.
That would put us at 60. We'd still need seven more.
You've seen the overnight polls.
He's dipped down into the single digits.
Are you willing to make a public statement with us?
I think the country could use
a little bipartisanship right now, don't you?
Do you think they're bluffing?
That it's some sort of stunt to sway the undecideds in the Senate?
Michael Kern is bitter and smallminded, sir,
but he wouldn't appear publicly with Mendoza
if they didn't have the numbers.
Well, I imagine we're worse off in the House than we were before.
In fact, I had a very productive conversation with Jackie Sharp.
She agreed to stop the attack
if we give her our support for majority leader after the midterms.
But once Raymond gave his testimony,
she called to say the deal was off.
Raymond really has set us back.
I can't fathom why he lied.
Well, it's retribution.
For what? The energy crisis? No.
Did you offer him something?
Well, Raymond's testimony hurts,
but it can't finish us off.
It's impossible to prove a lie.
Impeachment is inevitable.
Public opinion is the adversary now. Facts no longer matter.
You should give Kern a call. The personal touch.
If he came back to us,
it might make the other Democrats get cold feet.
Well, China isn't helping.
President Qian won't return my calls.
Beijing must smell death.
They're just exploiting the situation for leverage.
Let's not worry about China for the moment.
One battle at a time, sir.
Maybe I'm finished, Frank.
Maybe I need to start accepting that we won't pull out of this.
Mr. President, I know you're tired.
I know this has been hell for you.
And, yes, impeachment would be an awful blow.
We'd have to fight tooth and nail in the Senate.
And, yes, we'll have to beg and compromise
to regain our political capital.
But we have it in us, sir.
No matter how many scars it leaves us with.
It's not just us, Frank.
It's Tricia. It's my children.
I stay awake at night, thinking how much it would crush them,
seeing their father hauled off.
Sir, that won't happen because I won't let it.
If we're confronted by the worst,
I'll make sure you never step foot behind bars.
You have my word on that.
He's in the darkness now.
And I'm the only beacon of light.
Now we gently guide him toward the rocks.
Mr. President, you also still have my letter.
It's not too late, if you want to use that option.
No, you're more useful to me on the Hill than in handcuffs.
I'll call Kern.
Goodnight, sir. Night.
How much did Green tell you?
Enough that I showed up.
He probably didn't mention Rachel Posner, huh?
Don't worry. He doesn't know.
I do.
You have her in an apartment in Joppa.
I have your movements.
I have your text messages before you destroyed your phone.
But that's more than enough.
I'll bet a lot of people would like to know what she knows.
Now you listen to me very carefully.
Whatever you think you've got,
whatever you intend to do with it,
I don't respond to extortion the same way that Green does.
What Green promised you,
that can be undone in a heartbeat.
And that's why you're here. Make sure it isn't.
You want my protection.
I don't trust Green or anyone at the Bureau.
Who else knows about this?
No one.
Why should I trust you?
'Cause we both have too much to lose, man.
Get dressed.
What what are you doing here?
Put some clothes on.
Why why?
Now. Let's go.
Did anyone contact you?
Where are you taking me?
Answer my question.
No. Nobody.
There's someone who knows about us.
Who knows where you are.
And when we've met.
Are you gonna hurt me?
Nothing's going to happen if you tell the truth.
I am. I I haven't been contacted by anybody.
Stop lying, Rachel.
I will do whatever you want.
Please, just don't hurt me.
What I want is for you to answer my questions,
so I can help you.
All you have ever done is fuck up my life.
You fucked up the fellowship.
You fucked up what I had with Lisa.
Even when I did what you asked.
And your sick fucking visits,
and reading to you like a fucking child.
What is wrong with you?
Why can't you just leave me be?
Why do you have to be such a fucking stop!
Rachel? Don't be stupid.
Rachel?
Everything's gonna be fine.
All I've ever done is try to protect you.
That's what I'm trying to do now.
You have to believe that.
I didn't have to.
Been a lot easier if I didn't.
But I did. I did it because I
What are you doing?
Yesterday we completed hearings with regard to Articles
of Impeachment for the president of the United States.
The chair will now entertain motions from the committee.
Mr. Chairman.
The chair recognizes the congressman from Alabama.
I move that we put our recommendation directly to a vote
so that debate on this important matter may take place
on the House floor, open to all 435 members.
Are there any objections to bypassing debate in this committee?
We will now vote on recommendation of the Articles
of Impeachment to the full House.
Those in favor of recommendation say, "Aye."
Aye.
Those opposed?
Nay.
The ayes have it.
This committee officially recommends Articles
of Impeachment proceed to the House floor.
He's here.
The vice president is just arriving now here at Camp David.
We except President Walker to speak within the hour,
announcing his official resignation
as president of the United States.
How are you? I'm fine.
Mr. President.
I have coffee in the kitchen.
Would you like some? I'm fine.
Well, you're about to become
the most powerful man in the free world.
You don't have to do this, sir.
I spoke to Kern last night.
He's not gonna back down.
So we'll beat him down.
No, Frank.
My approvals are at eight percent.
Even if I avoid conviction,
I have no mandate to lead.
So better I step aside with some dignity
so the nation can start to heal.
I can never fill your shoes, sir.
You don't have a choice now.
Your letter.
Well,
shall we go introduce the 46th president of the United States?
Effective immediately,
I am resigning the presidency of the United States.
Tricia and I believe that this is the best course of action,
not only for us and our children,
but for the country.
It's a sad day for us. I can't deny that.
But I take solace in this:
Frank Underwood will bring virtue, experience,
and courage to the Oval Office.
I have been blessed to have him as my vice president.
But I'm even more blessed to call him my friend.
It has been...
the greatest honor of my life
to serve this country as president.
I thank my family, my staff,
and all of those who have supported me.
Despite the last few months,
my faith in this country has never been stronger.
God bless all of you.
And god bless the United States of America.
Thank you, Mr. President, for those words.
Good luck to you, sir.
Sir, please raise your right hand and repeat after me.
I, Francis J. Underwood...
I, Francis J. Underwood...
Do solemnly swear...
Do solemnly swear...
Mr. President.
Mr. President.
Madam Secretary.
The rest of the Cabinet is awaiting you at the White House.
We'd like to give you
a national security briefing right away, sir.
I'm aware of the particulars.
Can you please get Beijing on the phone?
Qian hasn't returned the President's calls for two days.
Well, there's a new president now.
Please get him on the line.
Two hours ago, President Underwood,
in his first act as commander in chief,
gave orders to the seventh fleet to vacate Japanese waters.
This was a result of a productive conversation
with President Qian,
who gave similar orders
to Chinese naval vessels in the same region.
He moves quick.
Do you mean with the Chinese or with Walker?
Mr. Feng? What is it?
U.S. Justice Department. We need you to come with us.
Where? You're going back to China.
I have asylum.
No, sir, you don't. Your asylum has been rescinded.
I have it in writing. Unconditional and permanent.
Sir, I'm telling you, your asylum has been rescinded.
Now, please, gather your things and come with us.
Revoking his asylum will have consequences.
But we're solid from a legal perspective?
Legally yes. His initial paperwork hasn't been processed,
and we can claim he poses a threat to our national interests.
But it diminishes the integrity of our State Department.
What's more important, Cathy? Integrity or peace?
You know they'll execute him.
The Chinese are right about one thing.
Sometimes you have to sacrifice the one for the many.
Let's get back to Washington.
Okay. Please let me know. Thanks very much.
Anything? Not yet.
See if you can track down anyone from his regular AA meetings.
I spoke to the moderator.
He said he hasn't seen Doug in several weeks.
I checked all the hospitals, his landlord...
Sir, everyone's here.
All right, when this is all over
I want you to work with Nancy on finding Doug.
I've already alerted the D.C. Metro.
They put out an APB on his car.
We'll find him, sir.
Claire?
Just outside.
Let's go, Nancy.
Ladies and gentleman,
the President and the first lady.
Francis,
I know your birthday isn't for a couple weeks,
but I got you something.
What's this? Open it.
I had a new one made.
I love you.
I love you, too.
You go ahead.
Come on.
We earned this together.
Take a few moments for yourself first.
I'll be out here.