# S01E01

Hey, what are you doing?
Jesus!
Did you get a good look?
Blue Toyota Camry, it's all I saw.
It's the Wharton's dog.
Oh, man. He's not gonna make it.
Go <b style="color: red;">see</b> if <b style="color: orange;">they</b>'re at <b style="color: red;">home</b>.
It's ok.
There are <b style="color: orange;">two</b> kinds of <b style="color: red;">pain</b>.
The <b style="color: orange;">sort</b> of <b style="color: red;">pain</b> that makes you strong...
or useless <b style="color: red;">pain</b>...
The <b style="color: orange;">sort</b> of <b style="color: red;">pain</b> that's only suffering.
I have no patience for useless things.
Moments like this <b style="color: red;">require</b> someone who will act...
or do the unpleasant thing,
or the <b style="color: red;">necessary</b> thing.
There...
No more <b style="color: red;">pain</b>.
It was a hit and run, I'm awfully sorry.
He must have jumped over the fence again.
Look, Steve's gonna file a <b style="color: red;">report</b> on the car,
he'll put his <b style="color: red;">people</b> on it.
We'll track him down.
You're stunning.
Shall we?
Three <b style="color: orange;">two</b>...one...
Happy New Year!
Oh, President elected Garrett Walker.
Do I like him? No.
Do I believe in him? That's <b style="color: red;">beside</b> the point.
Any politician that gets 70 <b style="color: orange;">million</b> votes
has tapped into something larger than himself,
larger than even me as much as I hate to admit it.
Look at that winning smile, those trusting eyes.
I clung to him early on, and made myself vital.
After 22 years in congress
I <b style="color: orange;">can</b> <b style="color: red;">smell</b> which way the wind is going.
Jim Matthews, his right honorably VicePresident.
Former Governor of Pennsylvania.
He did his <b style="color: orange;">duty</b> in delivering the Keystone State.
Bless his heart.
And now <b style="color: orange;">they</b>'re about to put him out to pasture.
But he looks happy, now doesn't he?
For some, it's simply the size of the chair.
Linda Vasquez, Walker's <b style="color: orange;">chief</b> of <b style="color: red;">staff</b>.
I got her hired. She's a woman, <b style="color: green;">check</b>.
And a Latina, <b style="color: green;">check</b>.
But more important than that, she's as <b style="color: orange;">tough</b> as twodollar steak.
Check, <b style="color: green;">check</b>, <b style="color: green;">check</b>.
When it comes to the White House,
you not only need the keys in your back pocket.
You need the gatekeeper.
As for me, I'm just a lowly house <b style="color: cyan;">majority</b> whip.
I <b style="color: green;">keep</b> things moving in a Congress
choked by pettiness, and lassitude.
My <b style="color: green;">job</b> is to <b style="color: orange;">clear</b> the pipes, and <b style="color: green;">keep</b> the sludge moving.
But I won't have to be a plumber much longer. I've done my time.
I backed the right man.
Give and take.
Welcome to Washington.
You need a haircut.
You <b style="color: red;">think</b>?
A little trim.
What are you gonna wear?
You mean for the <b style="color: red;">meeting</b>? For the announcement.
I'm wearing my <b style="color: yellow;">navy</b> blue, the one with the pinstripes.
Good.
You look handsome in that suit.
I don't know if <b style="color: orange;">they</b> will <b style="color: red;">announce</b> it before your <b style="color: orange;">board</b> <b style="color: red;">meeting</b>.
Well, as long as I <b style="color: orange;">can</b> say the donation is coming.
As soon as it's official, Sancorp will <b style="color: orange;">write</b> you the <b style="color: green;">check</b>.
This is going to be a big <b style="color: red;">year</b> for us.
Community of what?
I would say immigration, banking or <b style="color: green;">education</b>, but...
None of my <b style="color: red;">regular</b> sources <b style="color: orange;">can</b> <b style="color: orange;">confirm</b> that.
Because...
They don't know, or <b style="color: orange;">because</b> <b style="color: orange;">they</b>'re not talking?
Because <b style="color: orange;">they</b> don't know.
Keep at it, get me something.
Sorry, I'm so sorry Mr. Hammerschmidt.
Zoe...
Barnes Right.
Did it take him a <b style="color: red;">year</b> to remember your name?
Longer.
Good morning, Lucas.
What <b style="color: orange;">can</b> I do for you, Zoe?
I am sick of the Fairfax <b style="color: orange;">county</b> council.
You tell me everyday. Move me online.
My <b style="color: red;">own</b> blog.
First person, subjective, 500 words.
Not gonna happen. I'll go underground.
backrooms, the urinals!
I'll win over <b style="color: red;">staff</b> members on the Hill.
They need a <b style="color: orange;">place</b> to vent.
A <b style="color: blue;">gossip</b> column? No. We'll <b style="color: orange;">lift</b> the veil.
What's really going on.
This is the Washington Herald, Zoe.
It's not...TMZ.
Do you know how <b style="color: orange;">many</b> <b style="color: red;">people</b> who <b style="color: orange;">watch</b> TMZ?
I couldn't care less.
Which is why <b style="color: red;">print</b> <b style="color: yellow;">journalism</b> is dying.
Then it will die with dignity. At least with this paper.
You are stuck in the 20th century, Lucas,
you <b style="color: red;">lack</b> imagination.
Maybe so, but right now I don't need imagination,
I need copy.
Your nights and weekends are yours,
I <b style="color: blue;">applaud</b> whatever you want to do,
as long as its not on my time.
You're telling me to go back to <b style="color: orange;">work</b>? I am.
What you're really telling me is to fuck off.
I'm telling you both.
It's Mr. Chapman <b style="color: red;">already</b>, <b style="color: red;">from</b> Provence Trust.
Hold my calls, Christina.
Henry.
It's good to <b style="color: red;">see</b> you.
How long are you in <b style="color: orange;">town</b> for? Just today.
What? You gotta come back down for the inauguration.
I <b style="color: orange;">can</b> <b style="color: orange;">hook</b> you up.
How about you <b style="color: orange;">hook</b> me up with
the zoning laws you promised to get changed?
We got 12 millions sitting in escrow
for an <b style="color: yellow;">empty</b> lot we <b style="color: orange;">can</b>'t build on.
I know, but you gotta <b style="color: red;">understand</b>...
It's a <b style="color: red;">local</b> <b style="color: blue;">municipal</b> issue.
I <b style="color: orange;">can</b>'t just pick up the phone...
You <b style="color: orange;">can</b>'t?
Because that's not what you <b style="color: red;">lead</b> us to believe
when you begged for 50 <b style="color: orange;">grand</b> in donations.
Right, I...
Just one second.
Christina, I said no calls,
not while I'm <b style="color: red;">meeting</b> with Mr. Chapman.
The Presidentelect?
Do you mind? No, go <b style="color: red;">ahead</b> please.
Put him trough Christina.
Mr. Presidentelect?
Thank you.
Yes, we were pleased to win by <b style="color: orange;">double</b> digits.
Absolutely, anything you need.
I need you to put your long, wet, talented tongue
between my tights
and make me squeal like Monica Lewin...
Me too.
Me too.
Okay, thank you, sir.
I'm so sorry...
where were we?
Walker...
what's he like?
The Presidentelect running late?
No, he couldn't make it. I'll <b style="color: yellow;">brief</b> him, though.
Okay.
This is the memo, I've drafted,
on our Middle East <b style="color: red;">policy</b> we've been developing.
Now, I want to <b style="color: red;">borrow</b> <b style="color: red;">from</b> Reagan.
I'd like to <b style="color: green;">coin</b> the phrase "Trickledown diplomacy".
That way... Frank. I'm gonna stop you there.
We are not nominating you for the Secretary of State.
I know, he made you a promise,
but circumstances have changed.
The <b style="color: red;">nature</b> of promises, Linda,
is that <b style="color: orange;">they</b> <b style="color: red;">remain</b> <b style="color: green;">immune</b> to changing cicumstances.
Garrett has thought long and hard about this.
And he's decided we need you to stay in Congress.
When was this decision made?
And why wasn't I part of a conversation?
I'm sorry, Frank, if it been up to me,
I wouldn't have waited this long to tell you.
So you knew, you were going to do this.
It has been an evolving discussion.
It's a chickenshit move.
Frank... I was vetted.
Was that a ruse? No.
Let's be absolutely <b style="color: orange;">clear</b>,
you wouldn't have won without me.
You're right, but now we have to <b style="color: red;">lead</b>.
And that means making <b style="color: orange;">tough</b> choices.
As you know, <b style="color: green;">education</b> is a top <b style="color: yellow;">priority</b> for us.
A complete <b style="color: cyan;">federal</b> overhaul.
But it's not just the <b style="color: green;">education</b>, Frank,
Congress has split.
We need you there, more than we need you in the State Department.
I got you hired, Linda.
I know.
Donations, endorsements.
I wrote the campaign's <b style="color: yellow;">entire</b> <b style="color: red;">foreign</b> <b style="color: red;">policy</b> platform.
I bring years of Foreign Affairs Committee...
Frank.
Please.
I want to speak to Walker personally.
The decision is made.
We need you, Frank.
Will you <b style="color: orange;">stand</b> <b style="color: red;">beside</b> us or not?
Of <b style="color: red;">course</b>, if that's what the President wants.
I'm <b style="color: orange;">very</b> <b style="color: red;">glad</b> to <b style="color: red;">hear</b> that.
I'm curious.
If not me then who?
Michael Kern.
Michael Kern?
Well...
that is an <b style="color: red;">excellent</b> choice.
Do you <b style="color: red;">think</b> it'll look <b style="color: orange;">clear</b>?
I just want to make sure it doesn't look like
we're neglecting out domestic...
No, no, no, no... I'm gonna say
that we are expanding our mission. Okay.
And we're bringing on a new organization to <b style="color: red;">help</b> us.
They know which one yet?
I'm <b style="color: orange;">still</b> looking into a <b style="color: orange;">few</b> options, but, um...
Tell me, what did we <b style="color: red;">agree</b> on that we could <b style="color: orange;">hire</b> how <b style="color: orange;">many</b> new <b style="color: red;">people</b>.
Six? Six, <b style="color: orange;">maybe</b> seven.
We'll have enough.
Ooh, it's exciting. Huh?
This, uh, new <b style="color: red;">direction</b> we're heading.
I just don't know where we're gonna fit all the <b style="color: red;">people</b>.
Well, do you <b style="color: red;">think</b> we'll have to look into additional space?
No, no. I'll find a way.
Okay, so make the changes to the <b style="color: green;">power</b> point.
And let's <b style="color: orange;">meet</b> again, at 2:30. Okay.
It's me.
I <b style="color: orange;">feel</b> like an <b style="color: cyan;">idiot</b> leaving messages like this. Call me back.
What is it, Zoe?
Um, I knew you're gonna have your hands full at the White House. So,...
If you need someone to do research, or...
Or punch out <b style="color: cyan;">background</b>. I <b style="color: red;">think</b> I'll be fine.
Well, if things get hectic, and you need any <b style="color: red;">help</b>...
So you <b style="color: orange;">can</b> blog about rubbing shoulders with the big boys.
Wh... What did Lucas tell you?
Look, no offence, Zoey,
But I don't have time to be anyone's training wheels.
I just thought...
No, I was just <b style="color: red;">actually</b> offering to <b style="color: orange;">lend</b> a hand.
That's it. I got it.
Thanks.
Claire. You didn't call.
I was... You didn't call me, Francis.
Nine hours, you don't not call me.
Not when it's this big.
You're right.
When have we <b style="color: red;">ever</b> avoided each other?
I wanted a <b style="color: red;">solution</b> first.
Do you have one? Not yet.
This affects me too, Francis.
And it's not the money I'm upset about.
It's that we do things together.
When you don't <b style="color: red;">involve</b> me we are in free fall.
I should have called you and I didn't.
What Happened?
She says <b style="color: orange;">they</b> needed to <b style="color: green;">keep</b> me in Congress.
Linda said that? Walker wasn't even there.
That's what really get's me,
he didn't even have the <b style="color: orange;">courage</b> to look me in the eye.
I knew you shouldn't <b style="color: orange;">trust</b> that women.
I didn't. I don't. I don't <b style="color: orange;">trust</b> any one.
Then how could you not <b style="color: red;">see</b> this coming.
I <b style="color: red;">never</b> thought <b style="color: orange;">they</b> were capable.
You don't usually <b style="color: blue;">underestimate</b> <b style="color: red;">people</b>, Francis.
I know.
Hubris...
Ambition ... You should be angry.
I am livid. Then where is that I don't <b style="color: red;">see</b> it.
What do you want me to do, <b style="color: orange;">scream</b> and yell?
Throw a temper? I want more than I'm seeing.
You're better than this, Francis.
Well, I'm sorry, Claire. I am sorry.
No, that I won't accept.
What? Apologies.
My husband doesn't apologizes.
Even to me.
How long have you been up?
Hours.
I know what I have to do.
Good.
We'll have a lot of nights like this.
Making plans.
Very little <b style="color: orange;">sleep</b>.
I expected that.
It doesn't worry me.
I'd better get to <b style="color: orange;">work</b>.
I laid a suit out for you upstairs.
The <b style="color: yellow;">navy</b> blue one.
I <b style="color: red;">love</b> that woman.
I <b style="color: red;">love</b> her more than sharks <b style="color: red;">love</b> blood.
The Presidentelect Garrett Walker...
Why do you <b style="color: red;">think</b> <b style="color: orange;">they</b> went with him?
We are too good, <b style="color: orange;">they</b> <b style="color: orange;">can</b>'t <b style="color: orange;">afford</b> to lose us in Congress.
He's had <b style="color: orange;">work</b> done.
Chin tuck probably. Definitely dyes his hair.
Do we say anything? No. God no.
Not <b style="color: orange;">unless</b> he brings it up. Nancy?
9:20... Cancel everything. Stanford, you're with me.
Now, look...
They've done us a <b style="color: red;">great</b> favor, Doug.
We are no longer <b style="color: yellow;">bond</b> by allegiances. We <b style="color: red;">serve</b> no one.
We live by one <b style="color: green;">rule</b>, and one <b style="color: green;">rule</b> only
<b style="color: red;">never</b> again will we <b style="color: red;">allow</b> ourselves to be put in <b style="color: orange;">such</b> a position.
Walker and Vasquez?
All of them. I <b style="color: green;">hold</b> them all accountable.
Retribution? No, no!
It's more than that.
Take a <b style="color: orange;">step</b> back.
Look at the bigger picture.
I <b style="color: orange;">can</b> <b style="color: red;">see</b> what you're getting at.
Kern first?
That's how you devour a whale, Doug.
One <b style="color: red;">bite</b> at a time.
Who would you want?
For Secretary of State. Give me a <b style="color: red;">list</b> of choices.
And, <b style="color: red;">however</b> we do this, we'll <b style="color: orange;">also</b> need a buffer.
You mean an <b style="color: cyan;">errand</b> boy?
Yes, someone we <b style="color: red;">control</b> completely.
Okay. I'll <b style="color: green;">keep</b> my ear to the ground. Good.
I haven't eaten since yesterday.
I almost <b style="color: cyan;">pity</b> him.
He didn't <b style="color: red;">choose</b> to be put on my platter.
When I <b style="color: orange;">carve</b> him up and <b style="color: yellow;">toss</b> him to the dogs,
only then will he <b style="color: blue;">confront</b> that brutal inescapable truth.
My God!
All I <b style="color: red;">ever</b> amounted to is chitterlings..
"And he that shall <b style="color: yellow;">humble</b> himself, shall be exalted."
Matthew, Chapter 23 verse 12.
Thanks be to God.
I'd like to speak today on the <b style="color: green;"><b style="color: blue;">subject</b></b> of
humility.
Well, a lot of you have just won reelection.
If you hadn't, you <b style="color: yellow;">might</b> not be sitting here.
And of <b style="color: red;">course</b> we should <b style="color: red;">enjoy</b> our success and be <b style="color: yellow;">grateful</b> for it.
But <b style="color: red;">never</b> let your <b style="color: cyan;">gratitude</b> <b style="color: cyan;">sour</b> into
pride.
You will have <b style="color: orange;">many</b> challenges <b style="color: red;">ahead</b> over the next <b style="color: green;">couple</b> of years.
And a person's character
isn't determined by how he or she enjoys vitory
but <b style="color: red;">rather</b> how he or she endures defeat.
Nothing <b style="color: orange;">can</b> <b style="color: red;">help</b> us <b style="color: yellow;">endure</b> dark times better than our <b style="color: orange;">faith</b>.
Claire.
Hello, Felicity. How are you?
Good, how are you ? Good.
I'm sorry, it's just not right.
Charles and I <b style="color: orange;">can</b>'t <b style="color: red;">understand</b> what Walker was thinking.
Oh, that's <b style="color: orange;">very</b> sweet.
But, really, between you and me,
I <b style="color: red;">think</b> Francis is relieved.
He just feels much more at <b style="color: red;">home</b> in Congress.
I would've <b style="color: orange;">bet</b> a <b style="color: orange;">million</b> dollars <b style="color: orange;">they</b> were gonna pick you.
Well, it's good thing you have a <b style="color: orange;">million</b> dollars to spare.
But you are by <b style="color: red;">far</b> and away the only choice.
I <b style="color: red;">appreciate</b> you saying that.
I mean, Michael? Come on, he's got <b style="color: red;">half</b> the experience...
Garrett is a <b style="color: red;">smart</b> man, he knows what he's doing.
You're a better man than I, Frank.
You...
You want some of that wine?
Yes, definitely.
Man this is some good shit, where did you get it?
I kinda lifted it...
<b style="color: red;">from</b> the VIP room of the speaker's <b style="color: orange;">holiday</b> party.
I'm impressed.
Bordeaux twenty years <b style="color: red;">old</b>?
It seemed about right for you.
Why would you say that to me? I'm almost thirty.
Pratically <b style="color: orange;">ancient</b> in your book.
I don't discriminate when it comes to age.
Really? When was the last time you hired a 40 years <b style="color: red;">old</b> staffer?
Doesn't mean I wouldn't. As long as she's good in the sack.
Come on. That's true, isn't it?
Where is this coming <b style="color: red;">from</b>?
You are not gonna just <b style="color: yellow;">toss</b> me <b style="color: yellow;">aside</b> for some sluts
straight out of Vassar?
So we're having that conversation.
It's been six month. It's not a little office fling any more.
You want me to say those three <b style="color: red;">magic</b> words.
One of which starts with an L.
No. Okay.
I'll say it.
Christina Gallagher,
<b style="color: blue;">lick</b> my balls.
You're a bastard!
I <b style="color: red;">love</b> you.
I <b style="color: red;">love</b> you, Christina.
I <b style="color: red;">love</b> you.
Now will you <b style="color: blue;">lick</b> my balls?
So I'm curious,
are we patrons, benefactors or lepers?
Believe it not, we're angels.
I'm gonna go outside and <b style="color: orange;">pretend</b> to use my <b style="color: yellow;">cell</b> phone.
Go.
Could I have your jacket?
Are you coming to bed?
I'll be up in a <b style="color: red;">bit</b>.
Don't stay up all night. No, I'll be right there.
Thanks so much. I'll call you.
Wait... I thought you had a good time?
Oh I did, I loved it. I've <b style="color: red;">never</b> been before.
Well, <b style="color: orange;">maybe</b> I could come up.
Brian, you're so sweet, really.
But if I was gonna fuck you, you'd know.
Thank you so much.
She's here. Send her in.
It's <b style="color: red;">quite</b> rare for a president's <b style="color: orange;">chief</b> of <b style="color: red;">staff</b> to <b style="color: red;">climb</b> the Hill.
A gesture of respect no doubt,
or desperation.
I'm guessing she'll say Donald Blythe for <b style="color: green;">education</b>.
Let's <b style="color: red;">see</b> if I'm right.
Good morning, Linda.
Thank you so much for making the <b style="color: red;">trip</b> up.
Of <b style="color: red;">course</b>, my pleasure.
Education.
First things first,
the seating <b style="color: red;">chart</b> for the inauguration.
How do these <b style="color: orange;">two</b> <b style="color: orange;">work</b> for you and Claire?
They come with a complimentary <b style="color: red;">set</b> of tickets to the Jefferson Ball.
Claire would be over the moon.
Good, I'm so <b style="color: red;">glad</b>.
So... <b style="color: green;">education</b>.
We have Donald Blythe drafting the legislation.
Donald Blythe? Jesus.
I know.
So you want a <b style="color: cyan;">bill</b> just <b style="color: orange;">two</b> steps left of Karl Marx.
I advised the Presidentelect <b style="color: orange;">against</b> it,
but Donald is the <b style="color: green;">face</b> of <b style="color: green;">education</b>.
He's been pushing reforms for 25 years.
You want me to <b style="color: red;">guide</b> him to the middle?
We need a <b style="color: cyan;">bill</b> we <b style="color: orange;">can</b> pass.
Do I have absolute <b style="color: blue;">autonomy</b> and <b style="color: green;">authority</b> on this?
There's more.
Garrett wants the <b style="color: cyan;">bill</b> on the floor in the first 100 days.
He wants to make a <b style="color: green;">pledge</b> in his inaugural address.
Ah, that's...
That's <b style="color: orange;">very</b> ambitious, Linda.
Can we make that <b style="color: green;">pledge</b>?
A hundred days?
I <b style="color: orange;">can</b> deliver.
Keep me posted.
I'll <b style="color: orange;">talk</b> with Donald, I'll <b style="color: green;">check</b> in with you <b style="color: red;">later</b> in the week.
Terrific.
Did you <b style="color: red;">smell</b> that?
The smugness? The false deference.
She thinks I <b style="color: orange;">can</b> be bought with a pair of tickets.
What am I a whore in postwar Berlin
salivating over free stocking and chocolate?
What she's asking will <b style="color: red;">cost</b> <b style="color: red;">far</b> more than that.
Ferguson. Too <b style="color: red;">old</b>.
Willis? Too stupid.
Boyd. Too queer.
Really?
He's married with three kids.
And wouldn't <b style="color: orange;">they</b> be devastated.
All right.
What about Catherine Durant?
Cathy Durant ...
She was vocally anti Walker.
She's got the experience.
Set up a <b style="color: red;">meeting</b>.
The donation <b style="color: red;">from</b> Sancorp...
The money will have to come <b style="color: red;">from</b> somewhere else.
God, what happened?
I've looked over the <b style="color: green;">budget</b> for <b style="color: blue;">fiscal</b> 13
and we've allocated 1.6 <b style="color: orange;">million</b> for salaries.
We need to cut that in <b style="color: red;">half</b>.
What, you're suggesting... Evelyn,
we're going to let some <b style="color: red;">people</b> go.
That would be <b style="color: red;">half</b> of our <b style="color: red;">staff</b>?
We have to <b style="color: orange;">carve</b> out some room.
But you'll have to fire some <b style="color: red;">essential</b> <b style="color: red;">people</b>
who have been with us since the beginning.
We are a charity,
but not for our employees.
You know, um, Claire, I have held my tongue
about this whole <b style="color: red;">international</b> thing for a while.
But, I don't get it.
I mean, we're really good at what we do,
why do we have to try and be something we're not?
Because we've plateaued, Evelyn,
and it is time for us, for our <b style="color: yellow;">entire</b> organisation...
But digging wells in Africa? We don't know anything about that.
Which is why we have to bring in new <b style="color: red;">people</b>.
This is the <b style="color: orange;">plan</b> that I've proposed to the Board
and we are moving <b style="color: red;">forward</b> with it.
I'd like a <b style="color: red;">list</b> of names, please.
Claire, <b style="color: orange;">can</b> we just <b style="color: red;">think</b> about this?
I have thought about it.
I've put a lot of thought into it.
Yeah, but I <b style="color: red;">think</b> that we <b style="color: orange;">can</b> really... Evelyn ...
You are the office manager.
I need you to <b style="color: orange;">trust</b> that I know what I'm doing.
So please, get me that <b style="color: red;">list</b>, as soon as possible.
Oh, ma'am. You <b style="color: orange;">can</b>'t go... I'm sorry, I just ...
I just have one question... No.
Sir, I apologize this woman...
Congressman. Miss you need to <b style="color: orange;">step</b> away <b style="color: red;">from</b> him.
If I could just have one second. You <b style="color: orange;">step</b> away <b style="color: red;">from</b> the...
Who are you?
My name is Zoe Barnes, I'm a reporter at the Washington Herald.
It is after 10:30 at night and this is my <b style="color: red;">home</b>.
I do not <b style="color: red;">allow</b> any...
We are part of a <b style="color: yellow;">mutual</b> admiration society.
You're a fan of the symphony.
One more for the <b style="color: red;">people</b> watching than the music.
It's all right, Steve. Come on in, Miss Barnes.
It's strong.
You prefer weak?
No, the stronger the better.
There's no <b style="color: red;">harm</b> in looking.
It's a cheap ploy.
It's cheap but effective.
Well, you certainly have my undivided attention.
Good. The reason I'm here...
Oh, is foreplay over?
I read somewhere that JFK <b style="color: red;">never</b> lasted more than three minutes.
The point been?
Time is precious.
Powerful <b style="color: red;">people</b> don't have the <b style="color: yellow;">luxury</b> of foreplay.
Okay, so why are you here, Ms. Barnes?
I need somebody I <b style="color: orange;">can</b> <b style="color: orange;">talk</b> to.
We're talking. Tell me what we're talking about.
I <b style="color: red;">protect</b> your identity. I <b style="color: red;">print</b> whatever you tell me.
And I'll <b style="color: red;">never</b> <b style="color: red;">ask</b> any questions.
And what makes you <b style="color: red;">think</b>
I don't <b style="color: red;">already</b> have <b style="color: orange;">such</b> an arrangement
with one of your colleague.
Because if you did, you wouldn't have let me through the door.
I've led a <b style="color: orange;">very</b> long, <b style="color: orange;">very</b> <b style="color: cyan;">successful</b> career
avoiding this <b style="color: orange;">sort</b> of <b style="color: blue;">intrigue</b> with the press.
I <b style="color: orange;">can</b>'t <b style="color: red;">see</b> any advantage in starting now...
But is there any disadvantage? Sloppiness, for one.
I promise you absolute discretion.
So, we're talking about <b style="color: orange;">trust</b>.
Use whatever words you like.
Words matter <b style="color: orange;">very</b> much, Ms. Barnes.
You should care more about them, given your profession.
Then, yes...
Your <b style="color: orange;">trust</b>.
So, which Zoey Barnes am I to <b style="color: orange;">trust</b>?
The one who wrote about the fireman that married the meter maid?
Or the one who authored a <b style="color: orange;">very</b> fine article
on a new jogging <b style="color: orange;">path</b> in Rockcreek Park?
Don't be flattered, I read everything.
I'm better than what <b style="color: orange;">they</b> have me doing.
You know what that feels like.
Do I?
You would've made a <b style="color: red;">great</b> Secretary of State.
How exactly may I <b style="color: red;">help</b> you, Miss Barnes?
You must know the <b style="color: green;">administration</b> legislative agenda.
What's coming up first? I may.
Will you tell me? What would be your guess?
Education. Why?
Immigration is too controversial,
a tax reform isn't sexy enough.
Everyone <b style="color: orange;">can</b> get <b style="color: red;">behind</b> children.
Is it <b style="color: green;">education</b>? You <b style="color: yellow;">might</b> <b style="color: orange;">very</b> well <b style="color: red;">think</b> that
I couldn't possibly comment.
A hint.
It's late, Miss Barnes.
Can we <b style="color: orange;">talk</b> again?
I hope you'll <b style="color: red;">understand</b> that I want to <b style="color: orange;">sleep</b> on all of this.
I <b style="color: red;">never</b> make <b style="color: orange;">such</b> big decision so long after sunset
and so <b style="color: red;">far</b> <b style="color: red;">from</b> dawn.
My <b style="color: yellow;">cell</b> phone's on the back.
Did you put Miss Barnes in the visitor's ledger?
Not yet. Don't.
Needless to say. Needless.
Hello.
Claire.
This is Miss Zoe Barnes of the Washington Herald.
She was just leaving.
Very nice to <b style="color: orange;">meet</b> you, Mrs. Underwood.
Drive safe, there's a lot of ice on the road.
I will.
Thank you.
Does that <b style="color: orange;">work</b> on anybody?
Does what?
The pushup bra and Vneck T.
Well, if it does, I don't know who <b style="color: orange;">they</b> are.
Ok, it's all right, it's all right.
License and registration.
The <b style="color: cyan;">glove</b> compartment, sweetheart.
This isn't your driver's license, it's a Starbucks' card.
Oh, shit. Sorry.
Sir, have you been drinking?
No, I <b style="color: red;">never</b> <b style="color: orange;">drink</b> coffee at this hour.
I'm gonna need you to <b style="color: orange;">step</b> out of the car.
Hey, I was speeding you <b style="color: orange;">can</b> <b style="color: orange;">write</b> me a ticket...
Sir, <b style="color: orange;">step</b> out of the car.
Right now.
Look, I don't wanna be a prick, but I'm a <b style="color: red;">member</b> of the Congress.
I don't care if you are the king of China.
China doesn't have a king.
It's a communist oligarchic.
Oil... oliguarch ... Let's go, out.
You too, sweetie. Fuck, that's hard to say.
Hello?
Good.
Well, let's get him out.
Mind if I join you?
What the fuck is going on?
I thought I was <b style="color: red;">meeting</b> with... No.
You're <b style="color: red;">meeting</b> me.
It's four in the goddamned morning.
I've got a City Council <b style="color: red;">meeting</b>...
You've been Police Commissioner for what?
Almost a <b style="color: cyan;">decade</b> now?
We're here to <b style="color: orange;">talk</b> about my resume?
"Mayor of DC" would look good on that resume, wouldn't it?
We know that you've been angling to run for some time.
Experience is your strong suit.
Indorsement, <b style="color: orange;">fund</b> raising...
<b style="color: orange;">they</b>'re not.
We <b style="color: orange;">can</b> <b style="color: red;">help</b> with that.
Russo.
You're free to go.
It was just a <b style="color: orange;">few</b> drinks.
It was enough to get pulled over. I wasn't drunk drunk.
Were you alone?
Yes.
Say it to my <b style="color: green;">face</b>. Watch the road.
Say it to my <b style="color: green;">face</b>!
Yes.
I was alone.
You <b style="color: orange;">can</b> not <b style="color: green;">keep</b> doing this, Peter.
It's going to <b style="color: red;">catch</b> up with you.
I know.
Do you <b style="color: red;">think</b> we <b style="color: orange;">can</b> <b style="color: red;">arrange</b> <b style="color: orange;">two</b> more
at our table for the Jefferson Ball?
For who? The Holburnes.
Why on earth would you want them there?
I'm gonna need her money for the CWI,
the <b style="color: red;">staff</b> cuts were just not enough.
I'll <b style="color: orange;">talk</b> to Vasquez.
How are we doing? Good. Progress.
Irons on the fire.
I like irons,
but I <b style="color: red;">love</b> fire.
Yes.
What are you...
The <b style="color: cyan;">bill</b> is garbage, Donald.
Tax increases, ban on vouchers,
<b style="color: cyan;">federal</b> oversight.
How do you <b style="color: red;">expect</b> me to get that through a...
But Linda told me to <b style="color: orange;">write</b> it, she promise...
I'm sure she said any number of things,
forget what <b style="color: orange;">they</b> promised you, Donald.
They want your name <b style="color: orange;">because</b> it carrys weight.
Well my name comes with my ideas.
I <b style="color: red;">understand</b>, but you got to be reasonable.
This isn't the Great Debate.
It's about passing meaningful reform,
<b style="color: orange;">maybe</b> not everything you would've hope, but...
<b style="color: red;">help</b> me, <b style="color: red;">help</b> you.
That's gonna take time.
Those ideas I've been developing...
If it's time you need I will buy you time
but you've got to promise me your nextatbat
is gonna give me something I <b style="color: orange;">can</b> <b style="color: orange;">work</b> with.
Okay, Frank.
I'll <b style="color: red;">see</b> what I <b style="color: orange;">can</b> do.
Good. And Donald, don't let this get you down.
Why? Together we're gonna do more
than you've been able to do in 25 years.
Two things are now irrelevant:
Donald Blythe and Donald Blythe's new draft.
Eventually I'll have to rewrite the <b style="color: cyan;">bill</b> myself.
Forward! That is the <b style="color: orange;">battle</b> cry.
Leave ideologies for the Armchair General,
does me no good.
Walker just nominated Kern.
It's a long road to confirmation.
Kern is a boy scout.
Nobody is a boy scout, not even boy scouts.
What do you have? Absolutely nothing.
Then what are we talking about?
Just asking the simple question:
does the <b style="color: green;">job</b> interest you?
Why would you want Michael gone?
Cathy, you and I came up together.
The Foreign Affairs Committee needs a Secretary we <b style="color: orange;">can</b> <b style="color: orange;">work</b> with,
someone who isn't afraid to <b style="color: orange;">stand</b> up to Walker when he's wrong.
We need you.
Let's just <b style="color: red;">assume</b> I am interested.
I do not want to <b style="color: red;">assume</b>.
I want to know.
2 6
Ok ... 2637.
Please <b style="color: green;">hold</b>.
Zoe Barnes.
Anywhere you want.
On my way. I'm gonna have to call you back.
I'm so sorry.
I couldn't get a cab, I had to take a train.
Just before you left my house,
<b style="color: red;">think</b> back
what were we discussing?
The president's legislative agenda. Specificly.
Education.
Was I right? Do the math, Miss Barnes.
He needs a <b style="color: cyan;">bill</b>. Sponsored by?
You? You're smarter than that.
Somebody with legitimacy. Good.
And who screams of legitimacy in <b style="color: green;">education</b>?
Donald Blythe? Correct, the <b style="color: red;">problem</b> is?
He's an <b style="color: red;">old</b> <b style="color: red;">school</b> tax and spend liberal.
Walker run as a moderate.
You <b style="color: red;">think</b> Blythe would <b style="color: orange;">talk</b> to me?
He doesn't have to.
Wait.
We are in a <b style="color: orange;">very</b> grey <b style="color: green;">area</b> ethically, legally
which I'm okay with...
I just <b style="color: red;">love</b> this painting, don't you?
We are in the same <b style="color: red;">boat</b> now, Zoe.
Take care not to <b style="color: red;">tip</b> it over,
I <b style="color: orange;">can</b> only <b style="color: orange;">save</b> one of us <b style="color: red;">from</b> drowning.
He announces the <b style="color: green;">education</b> initiative on Monday.
Half of the address is based on...
I <b style="color: red;">understand</b>. Do we need to take it out?
We're fine, Linda.
But you just got through saying he has to <b style="color: red;">start</b> over.
I didn't <b style="color: red;">choose</b> Blythe, you did.
You put him in my lap and <b style="color: red;">ask</b> me to <b style="color: orange;">work</b> a miracle,
and I will. Now have a little <b style="color: orange;">faith</b>, Linda.
Let me <b style="color: orange;">work</b> with Donald on this.
I know what <b style="color: orange;">can</b> be accomplished in a hundred days.
All right, Frank.
We're counting on you. Good.
Now I do have a little favor to <b style="color: red;">ask</b>.
Do you <b style="color: red;">think</b> I <b style="color: orange;">can</b> get just <b style="color: orange;">two</b> more tickets
for my table at the Jefferson Ball?
Drink?
Sure, what do you got?
Whiskey, blent.
If you're offering.
So...
How are things in the <b style="color: red;">city</b> of brotherly <b style="color: red;">love</b>?
We're getting by.
Good. Good.
Oh, sorry, I've made that neat, did you want...
It's perfect.
So...
It seems you've been a <b style="color: red;">bit</b> irresponsible.
What?
Don't play <b style="color: blue;">dumb</b> with me Peter.
Save it for the Ethics Committee.
Drink up, you could use a little <b style="color: orange;">courage</b> right now.
You're not having one?
It's a <b style="color: red;">bit</b> earlier in the <b style="color: orange;">day</b> for me.
This is about the other night?
How do you know about that?
I'm the whip it's my <b style="color: green;">job</b> to know.
Look, <b style="color: orange;">they</b> let me off.
There's no charges, it's all taken care of.
Honestly, Peter,
do you really <b style="color: red;">think</b> these things just take care of themselves?
You?
I was just this one time, Frank, I <b style="color: orange;">swear</b> to God.
Then you must <b style="color: green;">hold</b> God in <b style="color: orange;">very</b> <b style="color: green;">low</b> esteem.
Because we both know that's a lie.
Solicitation, <b style="color: red;">control</b> of substances, driving under the influence.
Got <b style="color: red;">quite</b> a long <b style="color: red;">list</b> of hobbies.
What is it you want?
Your absolute
unquestioning
loyalty.
Always.
Do not misunderstand what I mean by loyalty.
Anything. Name it, Frank.
You seem <b style="color: red;">far</b> too relaxed.
I'm not.
You shouldn't be.
Doug'll be in touch.
Hang on.
Where have you been?
I've been calling here,
everybody's been working <b style="color: orange;">double</b> time for the inauguration,
you just up and <b style="color: red;">disappear</b> you....
Hang on.
Let me call you back.
Where did you get this? Wrong question.
The right question is how quickly <b style="color: orange;">can</b> we get it up on the site.
I have to run this pass Tom.
Let's get <b style="color: cyan;">legal</b> on this.
Make sure we're not breaking any laws.
You won't tell me your source? I <b style="color: orange;">can</b>'t do that.
Fine, but if <b style="color: cyan;">legal</b> finds even one ...
I <b style="color: red;">understand</b>. How long do you <b style="color: red;">think</b> that will take?
We should get this online right away.
I'm not just going to scan a 300page document
and put it up before we have gone through it every...
I did that <b style="color: red;">already</b>.
The whole thing? Cover to cover.
I've got excerpts, analysis,
three thousand words ready for editting.
You <b style="color: red;">start</b> go over that.
Get graphics <b style="color: orange;">work</b> and table's charts the whole nine yards.
Janine!
What's the angle.
Five words. Far left of center.
That's four. Very <b style="color: red;">far</b> left of center.
Enough to put Walker on his heels?
Fuck his heels it's gonna put him on his ass.
What's up?
We've got a copy of the <b style="color: green;">administration</b> <b style="color: green;">education</b> <b style="color: cyan;">bill</b>.
You gonna <b style="color: orange;">work</b> with Zoe, do <b style="color: cyan;">background</b> cover. Zoe Barnes?
Right here.
Whatever she needs.
Shouldn't I be writting ... She wrote it <b style="color: red;">already</b>!
And I want you to rewrite and rewrite it again.
You'll <b style="color: red;">help</b> her.
Tom, I am your <b style="color: orange;">chief</b> political correspondent!
Go! I want this by tomorrow.
But I need to <b style="color: red;">focus</b> on the inauguration.
This is more important.
Let's get started.
That I will faithfully <b style="color: yellow;">execute</b> the office
of the President of the United States.
That I will faithfully <b style="color: yellow;">execute</b> the office...
Power's a lot like <b style="color: red;">real</b> estate.
It's all about location, location, location.
The closer you are to the source,
the higher your property value.
Centuries <b style="color: red;">from</b> now, when <b style="color: red;">people</b> <b style="color: orange;">watch</b> this footage
who will <b style="color: orange;">they</b> <b style="color: red;">see</b> smiling just at the <b style="color: orange;">edge</b> of the frame?
So <b style="color: red;">help</b> me God.
Congratulations.
Today ...
is not about the next four years
but about the next four decades.
Now, you <b style="color: orange;">place</b> your <b style="color: orange;">faith</b> in me...
and I, in turn...
<b style="color: red;">choose</b> to <b style="color: orange;">place</b> that <b style="color: orange;">faith</b> in our children.
Our children are the <b style="color: green;">key</b> to this nation's future.
And that's why the first order of business for this <b style="color: green;">administration</b>
would be a <b style="color: cyan;">comprehensive</b> <b style="color: green;">education</b> reform <b style="color: cyan;">bill</b>
to properly fix, finance,
and strengthen our nation's <b style="color: red;">school</b>.
And I <b style="color: green;">pledge</b> to you...
we will have that <b style="color: cyan;">bill</b> on the floor of the Congress...
within the first one hundred days of this <b style="color: green;">administration</b>.
It was so nice of you to make this possible.
When you called me... Do not say another word.
I'm gonna miss Al on my <b style="color: blue;">ultimate</b> frisbee league this <b style="color: red;">year</b>.
No, I'm serious.
A <b style="color: orange;">few</b> of us on <b style="color: green;">budget</b>
have <b style="color: red;">quite</b> a rivalry going with the guys on Finance.
It's fierce, we get physical.
Anybody gets between me and that <b style="color: red;">goal</b> line
I will take that sucker down.
Donald! I've been looking for you everywhere!
Maestro. Here, let me <b style="color: red;">help</b> you with that...
I really like the <b style="color: orange;">work</b> you done on the new draft.
It'a big <b style="color: orange;">step</b> <b style="color: red;">forward</b>, we gonna make history!
Thanks for the encouragement, Francis.
Listen, I got some ideas about subsidies ...
Catherine! Hold on to that thought, Donald.
Don't you look stunning.
We Southern girls <b style="color: red;">clean</b> up well
when we get out of our Daisy Dukes,
and <b style="color: red;">enter</b> some Vera Wang.
And we southern boys are slow with our words,
but we're <b style="color: blue;">fast</b> on our feet.
May I have the honor?
You most certainly may.
Morning, Freddie! Morning Frank.
How's tricks? I <b style="color: orange;">can</b>'t kick.
Want to go on in? No, why don't you <b style="color: red;">set</b> me up outside.
Outside? But it's freezing out here.
Well, a little cold <b style="color: red;">never</b> hurt anybody.
Anything you say, Frank.
It'll be right up.
My one <b style="color: orange;">guilty</b> pleasure is a good <b style="color: green;">rack</b> of ribs,
even at 7:30 in the morning.
Got the whole <b style="color: orange;">place</b> to myself.
Freddie sometimes opens up just for me.
Where I come <b style="color: red;">from</b>, South Carolina,
<b style="color: red;">people</b> did have <b style="color: orange;">two</b> pennys to <b style="color: yellow;">rub</b> together.
A <b style="color: green;">rack</b> of ribs was a <b style="color: yellow;">luxury</b>, like ...
Christmas in July.
Fuck...
The website is absolutely crazy.
Blue Camry DC <b style="color: red;">plate</b> number WJ0029
wanted in connection to canid hit and run
code 1057 file by capital...
Do you want seconds, Frank?
I better not.
Tell you what, Freddie?
Yes I will.
I'm feeling a <b style="color: red;">hunger</b> today.