# S01E02

Previously on House of Cards...
Power's a lot like <b style="color: red;">real</b> estate.
It's all about location, location, location.
Centuries <b style="color: red;">from</b> now, when <b style="color: red;">people</b> <b style="color: orange;">watch</b> this footage
who will <b style="color: orange;">they</b> <b style="color: red;">see</b> smiling just at the <b style="color: orange;">edge</b> of the frame?
We are not nominating you for the Secretary of State.
If not me then who?
Michael Kern.
Michael Kern?
Well... that is an <b style="color: red;">excellent</b> choice.
I know what I have to do.
However we do this,
we'll <b style="color: orange;">also</b> need a buffer.
You mean an <b style="color: cyan;">errand</b> boy? Yes,
someone we <b style="color: red;">control</b> completely.
Solicitation, <b style="color: red;">control</b> of substances,
driving under the influence.
Got <b style="color: red;">quite</b> a long <b style="color: red;">list</b> of hobbies.
What is it you want?
Your absolute loyalty.
The money will have to come <b style="color: red;">from</b> somewhere <b style="color: red;">else</b>.
You're suggesting... Evelyn,
we're going to let some <b style="color: red;">people</b> go.
This is the Washington Herald, Zoe.
It's not...TMZ.
Which is why <b style="color: red;">print</b> <b style="color: yellow;">journalism</b> is dying.
We are part of a <b style="color: yellow;">mutual</b> admiration society.
Does that <b style="color: orange;">work</b> on anybody?
Does what?
The pushup bra and Vneck T.
Well, you certainly have my undivided <b style="color: red;">attention</b>.
I <b style="color: red;">protect</b> your identity.
I <b style="color: red;">print</b> whatever you tell me.
And I'll <b style="color: red;">never</b> <b style="color: red;">ask</b> any questions.
You just up and <b style="color: red;">disappear</b> you....
Where did you get this?
Wrong question.
Enough to put Walker on his heels?
Fuck his heels it's gonna put him on his ass.
Christmas in July.
You know what I like about <b style="color: red;">people</b>?
They <b style="color: yellow;">stack</b> so well.
Let me get this for you.
Want the paper? No.
This is too much.
It's not <b style="color: red;">half</b> enough.
Thanks for opening up for me.
Any time, <b style="color: orange;">day</b> or night. You know that.
In a <b style="color: orange;">town</b> where everyone's so <b style="color: red;">carefully</b> reinventing themselves,
what I like about Freddy
is that he doesn't even <b style="color: orange;">pretend</b> to change.
Ooh. I'm late.
Every Tuesday I sit down with the speaker and the <b style="color: cyan;">majority</b> leader
to <b style="color: orange;">discuss</b> the <b style="color: red;">week</b>'s agenda.
Well, <b style="color: orange;">discuss</b> is <b style="color: red;">probably</b> the wrong word.
They <b style="color: orange;">talk</b> while I sit quietly
and imaging their <b style="color: orange;">lightly</b> salted faces frying in a skillet.
Vasquez must be shitting herself.
Shitting herself, when Walker is shitting himself
and shoveling his shit on her shit.
Bob, I'm planning on eating.
Do we have a backup on the docket?
You're on that, right, Frank?
Yeah, I'm working with my <b style="color: red;">staff</b>
Republicans are gonna ram this up our ass.
I would if I was them.
Why, even if we squeak it through the house,
<b style="color: orange;">watch</b> them mangle it in the senate.
Or filibuster.
Why, sure, if it looks anything like this...
I don't know why Walker's
trying to <b style="color: blue;">tackle</b> a charging elephant.
It's madness.
Congressmen, sorry to interrupt,
but I saw you sitting over here
Remy. Gentlemen, this is Remy Danton.
Remy, this is Speaker Birch and Congress
I'm well <b style="color: red;">aware</b>. Mr. Speaker, Congressman.
Remy just made <b style="color: green;">partner</b> at Glendon Hill.
Glendon Hill? Great <b style="color: green;">team</b> over there.
Congratulations. Thank you.
When was the last time <b style="color: orange;">they</b> added a <b style="color: green;">partner</b>?
It's been a while.
Well, <b style="color: orange;">they</b> know a winner when <b style="color: orange;">they</b> <b style="color: red;">see</b> one.
Remy was the <b style="color: orange;">best</b> press <b style="color: orange;">secretary</b> I <b style="color: red;">ever</b> had.
Why did you let him go?
I didn't. They stole him away.
What accounts do you have?
San Corp Industries is my main one.
I run that <b style="color: cyan;">account</b> now.
Anyhow, I'll let you get back to it.
Sorry again to interrupt.
No problem.
Very nice to <b style="color: orange;">meet</b> you both.
Nice. Lobbyists <b style="color: green;">keep</b> getting younger and younger.
He's <b style="color: red;">probably</b> making more than all of us combined.
Gentlemen, this one's on me.
I'm gonna track down that check.
Glendon Hill fronts San Corp Industries.
San Corp is deep into <b style="color: red;">natural</b> gas.
I don't give a hoot about <b style="color: red;">natural</b> gas,
but I have 67 deputy whips,
and <b style="color: orange;">they</b> all need cash to win races.
San Corp helps me purchase loyalty,
and in return <b style="color: orange;">they</b> <b style="color: red;">expect</b> mine.
It's degrading, I know,
but when the tit's that big,
everybody gets in <b style="color: orange;">line</b>.
Tell them I'm on top of it.
I need more than that.
You are well <b style="color: red;">aware</b> that I do not <b style="color: red;">drop</b> the <b style="color: orange;">ball</b> on things like this, Remy.
Promises, Frank.
Secretary of State, Argentine and off <b style="color: orange;">shore</b> drilling contracts
Talk to me when I've solved the problem.
Don't <b style="color: red;">waste</b> my time when I'm working on solving the problem.
When there's billions on the <b style="color: orange;">line</b>,
You <b style="color: orange;">can</b>'t not call me back.
I <b style="color: orange;">can</b>'t not show up.
Fine. Thank you for your diligence.
Eight figures to you and the D triple C.
6 <b style="color: orange;">million</b> to build that <b style="color: red;">library</b> of yours in your name.
I know.
Don't make them <b style="color: orange;">throw</b> money at your challenger next cycle.
You've made your point.
Have I? I hope so.
Such a <b style="color: red;">waste</b> of talent.
He chose money over power
In this <b style="color: orange;">town</b>, a <b style="color: red;">mistake</b> nearly everyone makes.
Money is the McMansion in Sarasota
that starts falling <b style="color: red;">apart</b> after ten years.
Power is the <b style="color: red;">old</b> stone building
that stands for centuries.
I cannot respect someone who doesn't <b style="color: red;">see</b> the difference.
What am I looking at?
The Williams register.
Williams? College.
September '78.
And why am I looking at it?
The editorial.
Not that interesting.
Michael Kern went to Williams.
Check out the masthead.
And then there's this.
It's thin.
The guy's a unicorn. He pisses rainbows.
You <b style="color: red;">think</b> we <b style="color: orange;">can</b> get traction with this? I <b style="color: red;">think</b> you could.
Linda Vasquez is on the phone.
Ah, I'm <b style="color: red;">surprised</b> it took her this long.
It's only 6 past 9:00.
Which means she read the Herald 3 hours ago
and spent the past 2 1/2 getting reamed by the president.
Tell her I'm on my way.
You were supposed to <b style="color: green;">keep</b> Donald in <b style="color: orange;">line</b>.
You assured me that you
25 years he's been pushing this <b style="color: blue;">particular</b> agenda.
We got between the mother bear and her cub.
It's a setback. That's all.
On our first <b style="color: orange;">day</b> in office.
Linda, I've worked with four presidents.
Setbacks are a dime a dozen with a <b style="color: cyan;">bill</b> of this size.
Frank, if you <b style="color: orange;">can</b>'t <b style="color: red;">control</b> this
I don't take well to being micromanaged, Linda.
You want to do my <b style="color: green;">job</b> for me and run the White House?
Good luck. I won't <b style="color: orange;">stand</b> in your way.
Okay, Frank. Fine. This is yours now.
If this thing <b style="color: orange;">can</b>'t make it to the floor in the first 100 days,
then I'll let you explain to the president
why he lied to the American <b style="color: red;">people</b>.
I'm gonna get back to <b style="color: orange;">work</b>.
Please do.
Well, we really should be doing this on a Friday
instead of a Wednesday.
If we do it on a Friday,
<b style="color: red;">people</b> have the weekend Fine. We'll do it on Friday.
Is all the paperwork ready?
Some of the more <b style="color: orange;">senior</b> <b style="color: red;">people</b> are trickier.
There's severance.
But we shouldn't run into any <b style="color: cyan;">legal</b> issues.
No, no. We use atwill employment contracts <b style="color: red;">across</b> the board.
Well, get started first thing Friday.
I want all of the <b style="color: green;">exit</b> interviews done by lunch.
Claire, I just <b style="color: orange;">can</b>'t <b style="color: red;">help</b> but <b style="color: red;">think</b> that this is a <b style="color: red;">mistake</b>.
We've discussed this already, Evelyn.
I know, I know, but I just have to say it
for the <b style="color: cyan;">sake</b> of my conscience.
I <b style="color: red;">think</b> that you are dismantling
what we have built over the past ten years,
and I
and I <b style="color: red;">think</b> the way you're handling this is...
is cruel.
It's not easy, Evelyn.
But it's necessary.
You have <b style="color: red;">always</b> asked me to be honest with you.
It's how we <b style="color: orange;">work</b> together.
I <b style="color: cyan;">disagree</b> with something, I say it.
Well, I <b style="color: cyan;">disagree</b> 100%.
Please, Claire, don't do this.
I respect your <b style="color: red;">opinion</b>, Evelyn,
and I <b style="color: red;">appreciate</b> you sharing it with me,
but I'm not going to change my mind.
Friday, then.
If that's what you want.
This is <b style="color: green;">major</b> reform, a complete overhaul.
That would usually take months.
Well, we only have days, not months.
But <b style="color: red;">think</b> about the process. We <b style="color: orange;">can</b>'t just change
When I <b style="color: red;">ask</b> my colleagues, your bosses,
who are the smartest minds in <b style="color: green;">education</b>,
out of hundreds, we arrived at you
the six of you in this room.
Now, I <b style="color: red;">realize</b> it is a difficult task,
but we have the <b style="color: red;">opportunity</b> to make <b style="color: red;">history</b> here.
And I want all of us to make it together.
So good luck. We're counting on you.
Page 1.
These <b style="color: yellow;">bullet</b> points reflect
the <b style="color: green;">key</b> planks at the <b style="color: red;">center</b> of our <b style="color: cyan;">bill</b>.
Get comfy.
This is your <b style="color: red;">home</b> until we have a presentable first draft.
Donald, what a morning.
I have no idea how <b style="color: orange;">they</b> got this.
I specifically told my <b style="color: red;">staff</b> to <b style="color: red;">destroy</b> everything.
I <b style="color: orange;">can</b>'t <b style="color: red;">imagine</b> It doesn't matter how it happened.
We <b style="color: orange;">can</b>'t make it unhappen, so we have to adapt.
Don't <b style="color: orange;">they</b> <b style="color: red;">realize</b> that this is a first draft?
All we have here really is a <b style="color: red;">perception</b> problem.
We don't get a second <b style="color: red;">chance</b> at a first impression, Donald.
You know that. Now, look, I'm on your side,
but Linda is furious.
What's she saying?
They want to point fingers.
At me?
I told her we cannot do that.
I mean, you are <b style="color: yellow;">vital</b> to this process.
I'm up to here with them, Donald
for lying, for turning their back on you.
You know, I'm of a mind to say screw it.
I'll fall on this grenade myself,
just to piss them off.
Give me John King at CNN.
Wait, Frank. This is not your fault.
No, we have to <b style="color: red;">protect</b> your reputation.
But you're the man that needs to get the <b style="color: cyan;">bill</b> through the house.
I will <b style="color: red;">hang</b> on. I will <b style="color: green;">assign</b> it to one of my deputies,
quietly <b style="color: red;">manage</b> it, and I'll <b style="color: red;">help</b> <b style="color: red;">guide</b> you through the process.
I am not <b style="color: green;">comfortable</b> with this.
Well, then what do you <b style="color: red;">suggest</b> we do?
What a martyr craves more than anything
is a <b style="color: orange;">sword</b> to fall on,
so you sharpen the blade,
hold it at just the right angle,
and then 3, 2, 1
It should be me.
It was my <b style="color: cyan;">bill</b>.
No. Impossible. Donald,
<b style="color: green;">education</b> has been your life's <b style="color: orange;">work</b>.
The truth is my <b style="color: red;">heart</b> is not in this fight.
You know me. I'm not a wheeler dealer.
I <b style="color: orange;">can</b> put my mind to <b style="color: red;">policy</b>,
but I'm no good at this brand of politics.
Well, if not you, then who?
It should be you, Frank.
You're formidable. People respect you.
They will follow your lead. Let me
let me be on the sidelines for this.
Well, I could only <b style="color: red;">consider</b> that as an option
if I knew that I could <b style="color: orange;">still</b> come to you for counsel.
Of <b style="color: red;">course</b>. Whatever you need.
Part of me is <b style="color: red;">glad</b> this got leaked.
Well, it would have been better if it hadn't,
but at least <b style="color: red;">people</b> know where I <b style="color: orange;">stand</b>.
Thank you, Donald.
Happy to do it, Frank.
He has no idea we've got six kids in the next room
already working on a new draft.
Stamper! But why dampen his <b style="color: green;">mood</b> by telling him?
We just gave him a <b style="color: red;">great</b> gift
a <b style="color: red;">chance</b> to <b style="color: blue;">fulfill</b> his destiny.
Write up a statement for Blythe
stepping aside, fresh ideas,
et cetera, et cetera, and make it dignified.
He's a good man.
Oh. And bring me that Williams editorial.
After careful thought and discussion with my <b style="color: red;">staff</b>,
I am relinquishing my <b style="color: green;">management</b> of the <b style="color: green;">education</b> reform act.
I hope to <b style="color: red;">remain</b> a part of the process,
but I won't be working
Why did you leak the draft?
I'm not exactly sure how it got leaked,
but, uh, it does represent
It came <b style="color: red;">from</b> your office, though, correct?
Uh, we wrote it, but I don't
Who'll be managing the <b style="color: cyan;">bill</b> now?
Frank Underwood.
Was that your choice,
or did the <b style="color: green;">administration</b>
I <b style="color: orange;">feel</b> <b style="color: orange;">very</b> confident
placing the <b style="color: cyan;">bill</b> in Frank's <b style="color: orange;">capable</b> hands.
Ms. Barnes.
How <b style="color: orange;">very</b> deep throat of you.
Well, I <b style="color: orange;">can</b>'t <b style="color: red;">help</b> you dispatch a president.
How about a senator?
The editorial on the Camp David Accords.
"It is the <b style="color: red;">opinion</b> of this newspaper
that President Carter demand Israel
<b style="color: yellow;">withdraw</b> all its citizens
<b style="color: red;">from</b> the Gaza Strip and West Bank."
"Which it has illegally occupied since 1967."
Illegally occupied.
That's <b style="color: red;">quite</b> an incendiary quote, don't you <b style="color: red;">think</b>?
For an <b style="color: green;">administration</b> that says
that the Middle East is its top <b style="color: red;">foreign</b> <b style="color: red;">policy</b> priority.
Michael Kern?
Did he personally <b style="color: orange;">write</b> the editorial?
He was the editor.
But did he <b style="color: orange;">write</b> it himself?
Then there's no story.
I'm saying it's a question <b style="color: red;">worth</b> asking.
And if he denies involvement?
He will. Let him.
This is a man trying to be confirmed as Secretary of State.
Everything is a story.
There's no <b style="color: red;">direct</b> <b style="color: yellow;">link</b>.
I <b style="color: orange;">can</b>'t get this past Hammerchmidt.
Remember this moment when you resisted me,
when you said the words "Then there is no story."
Get a good night's sleep, Ms. Barnes.
You have a big <b style="color: orange;">day</b> tomorrow.
Francis?
What is this?
What does it look like?
But the <b style="color: cyan;">basement</b> is mine.
I know. It's not for me.
So who's it for?
For you.
There's a gym in the Capitol.
Which you <b style="color: red;">never</b> use.
Because I'm a tad <b style="color: orange;">busy</b> running the <b style="color: red;">country</b>.
But not at <b style="color: red;">home</b>, so now you have no excuse.
I want it out.
Give it a try first.
Is this your <b style="color: cyan;">subtle</b> way of saying that I'm out of <b style="color: red;">shape</b>?
No, it's my way of suggesting
you could be in better <b style="color: red;">shape</b>.
That sounds both passiveaggressive
and condescending.
Just <b style="color: orange;">plain</b> <b style="color: blue;">aggressive</b> and true.
Don't <b style="color: orange;">wait</b> up for me.
Are you going running now?
Yes, <b style="color: orange;">because</b> I couldn't this morning.
I had an early meeting.
Use the monstrosity. It's freezing out.
You break it in.
It looks positively medieval, doesn't it?
And to turn my only <b style="color: blue;">sanctuary</b> into a fitness dungeon.
I won't have it.
It's a stretch.
We're not misleading anyone.
He was the editor. Did you call for a comment?
I tried three times.
The press <b style="color: orange;">secretary</b> said he'd get back to me.
He didn't. What about research?
You couldn't find anything to <b style="color: cyan;">echo</b> the editorial?
No quotes, no oped pieces?
Don't you <b style="color: red;">think</b> if something like that existed,
someone would have printed it by now?
Nobody <b style="color: red;">else</b> has this, Lucas.
I don't <b style="color: red;">think</b> there's a story here.
I'm not saying there's a story.
All I'm saying is that there's a question that needs to be answered.
This is a nominee for Secretary of State.
We have an editorial on Palestine and Israel.
Which he didn't <b style="color: orange;">write</b>.
Which we don't know he didn't <b style="color: orange;">write</b>.
Exactly.
We don't have to <b style="color: red;">print</b> it.
I could just scan the thing, stick it on a site,
and tweet the <b style="color: yellow;">link</b>.
But if I did that, some other paper <b style="color: yellow;">might</b>
Whoa, whoa. Don't be a bitch.
I'll <b style="color: orange;">talk</b> to Tom.
That's all I was asking.
We simply <b style="color: orange;">can</b>'t <b style="color: orange;">afford</b> to <b style="color: red;">allow</b> the
We got a guy who's almost <b style="color: cyan;">perfect</b>.
He's a libertarian drug fiend marinating in a <b style="color: cyan;">mobile</b> <b style="color: red;">home</b>.
I didn't <b style="color: red;">agree</b> with President Reagan on <b style="color: orange;">many</b> things,
but there was some <b style="color: yellow;">merit</b> to the <b style="color: green;">notion</b> of trickledown economics,
and I <b style="color: orange;">feel</b> there is much <b style="color: yellow;">merit</b> to the idea of trickledown diplomacy.
If we <b style="color: orange;">can</b> solve...
Those are my lines.
Vasquez must have given them to him.
...stalemate between Israel and Palestine,
that success will trickle down
to a hundred other diplomatic dilemmas between Muslims,
Jews, Christians
I'm <b style="color: red;">glad</b> you brought up Israel and Palestine
<b style="color: orange;">because</b> just before we came on the air,
I received an <b style="color: red;">advance</b> copy of an article
that's going to be in tomorrow's washington Herald's front page
and was written by Zoe Barnes,
and in it she quotes
an editorial that ran in the Williams College register
when you were editor back in September 1978,
which called the Israeli presence
in the Gaza Strip and West Bank, quote,
an illegal occupation.
Can I <b style="color: red;">see</b> that? Sure.
Did you <b style="color: orange;">write</b> those words, "Illegal occupation"?
No. I have no <b style="color: red;">memory</b> of this.
But you were the editor of the paper.
Yes, but
So it couldn't have gone out without your approval.
No, of <b style="color: red;">course</b> not, but my <b style="color: red;">staff</b>
somebody <b style="color: red;">else</b> usually wrote the, uh,
the, uh and then we'd vote, and if
Did you vote for it?
Honestly, George, I <b style="color: orange;">can</b>'t remember.
It was 35 years ago.
So you're not sure
<b style="color: red;">whether</b> or not you supported these words
I <b style="color: orange;">can</b> tell you without a <b style="color: orange;">shadow</b> of a <b style="color: red;">doubt</b>
I did not <b style="color: orange;">write</b> these words.
But were <b style="color: orange;">they</b> in <b style="color: orange;">line</b> with your thinking at the time?
This is ludicrous.
I know it was a long time ago, I <b style="color: red;">understand</b> that.
That's all we need him laughing.
Nancy, get me Dennis Mendel of the ADL.
The Middle East is a <b style="color: yellow;">vital</b> American interest.
What you <b style="color: red;">think</b> about the Middle East is <b style="color: blue;">relevant</b>.
You <b style="color: orange;">can</b> look at my voting record.
Every <b style="color: red;">single</b> vote has been in <b style="color: cyan;">defense</b> of Israel
So when did your views change?
What I'm saying to you is my
What's important now, George,
is how I have voted
while I have represented the <b style="color: red;">great</b> <b style="color: cyan;">state</b> of Colorado
I <b style="color: red;">understand</b> that's your position,
but a lot of other <b style="color: red;">people</b> are going to look at it and <b style="color: red;">think</b>
what you thought then is <b style="color: blue;">relevant</b> as well.
Well, let me <b style="color: red;">ask</b> you this.
Have you <b style="color: red;">ever</b> changed your views since college?
Certainly, but I'm not the nominee for Secretary of State.
Uh, even if I did have
It's golden.
This has not been my views
It's a bull's eye.
What were you saying when you came in?
So, ahem, I <b style="color: red;"><b style="color: yellow;"><b style="color: green;">found</b></b></b> a guy
who was on the college editorial <b style="color: red;">staff</b> when Kern was there.
This burnout,
<b style="color: orange;">still</b> pumping mimeographed manifestos
out of a trailer park in the Berkshires.
You're not planning on talking to him. No. No.
Peter Russo.
Good.
Sounds like a <b style="color: cyan;">perfect</b> match.
Dennis.
Any <b style="color: red;">chance</b> you're watching Stephanopoulos?
You look sexy when you're improving the lives
of hardworking Pennsylvanians.
Is it the improving lives,
or is it these fetching <b style="color: yellow;">sweat</b> pants?
Why don't you move that computer out of the way?
Let me <b style="color: red;">see</b> what that looks like.
Yeah, it's better with the laptop.
Fuck off.
You're not paying enough <b style="color: red;">attention</b> to me.
I pay <b style="color: red;">attention</b> to you all <b style="color: orange;">day</b> at the office.
Hey, you know, I don't <b style="color: red;">think</b>
I've <b style="color: red;">ever</b> seen you brush your teeth before.
Sure you have. No, I don't <b style="color: red;">think</b> so.
I mean I know that you do brush,
but I don't <b style="color: red;">think</b> I've <b style="color: red;">ever</b> <b style="color: red;">actually</b> witnessed it before.
Well, here it is in all its glory.
Is that my toothbrush?
I don't know. Is it?
Yes, it is.
You left it here. Peter, gross.
Oh, come on.
We've exchanged <b style="color: red;">plenty</b> of fluids by now.
Hey, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No. Toothpaste.
It's not toothpaste. I'm ravished.
No.
Go get it.
I have to take this.
This is Russo.
Yeah. Right now it's 12:53.
Okay. Okay, okay, okay.
I have to go.
Is everything okay?
It's <b style="color: orange;">work</b> <b style="color: cyan;">stuff</b>.
What kind of <b style="color: orange;">work</b> <b style="color: cyan;">stuff</b>?
Congressman Wallinski.
He wants to go over the tax <b style="color: green;">incentive</b> <b style="color: cyan;">stuff</b> we sent him.
Peter, it's 1:00 in the morning.
Hey, Peter.
I have meetings tomorrow.
I have a <b style="color: orange;">committee</b> hearing.
Congress will <b style="color: green;">survive</b> without you.
Address, directions.
There's an eticket in your name.
Your flight leaves at 6:30.
You should head to the airport.
This is coming <b style="color: red;">from</b> Frank?
No. This is coming <b style="color: red;">from</b> no one.
You have the flu, and you're calling in sick.
What's that? What's what?
Is that a hickey?
Are you whoring around again?
No. I have a girlfriend.
You mean your little office romance.
What do you know about that?
When it comes to your life, Peter, and what I know about it,
you should <b style="color: red;">assume</b> that there's no <b style="color: orange;">such</b> thing as a <b style="color: red;">secret</b>.
Stay in touch.
You call me on my cell, <b style="color: red;">never</b> at the office.
Good luck.
Knock 'em dead, tiger.
How are we?
Overtired, undercaffeinated,
but we're making progress.
Less than a <b style="color: red;">week</b> to go.
Yeah. We'll do our <b style="color: orange;">best</b>.
You'll what? We'll get it done.
Somebody <b style="color: red;">open</b> a window. It's rancid in here.
That is what happens when six <b style="color: red;">people</b> don't shower for <b style="color: red;">half</b> a <b style="color: red;">week</b>.
Anything you need other than deodorant?
Yeah, this <b style="color: green;">performance</b> standards thing.
The teachers unions are gonna Leave it in.
But we could <b style="color: blue;">delete</b> it. I'll <b style="color: orange;">handle</b> the unions.
What <b style="color: red;">else</b>? Anything?
Conjugal visits?
I'll get back to <b style="color: orange;">work</b>.
Nancy. Coming.
What do I have next?
Constituent calls <b style="color: red;">from</b> 2:10 to 2:35,
fundraising until 3:50, deputy caucus at 4:00.
The call <b style="color: red;">list</b>? It's on your desk.
My briefing for the caucus? Next to the call <b style="color: red;">list</b>.
Have you been in the conference room?
Have it steam cleaned over the weekend.
In the meantime, get those <b style="color: green;">poor</b> kids some Febreze or something.
It's like a petting zoo.
You gotta <b style="color: red;">see</b> this.
But were <b style="color: orange;">they</b> in <b style="color: orange;">line</b> with your thinking at the time?
We do not <b style="color: red;">consider</b> the issue
of Israel and Palestine a laughing matter.
And he calls Israel illegal.
Well, he's an antisemite, and he is wrong.
We would have <b style="color: orange;">grave</b>, <b style="color: orange;">grave</b> concerns
about appointing <b style="color: orange;">such</b> a man our next Secretary of State.
It's too easy.
Roy, hi.
My name is Peter Russo. Congressman Russo.
I'd like to just speak to you for just a...
Sir?
Either you're lying, and you <b style="color: orange;">can</b> fuck off;
or you're telling the truth, and you <b style="color: orange;">can</b> absolutely fuck off.
I saw your <b style="color: red;">web</b> site.
I'm a fan.
And I brought you something.
Hey, babe, put some <b style="color: red;">clothes</b> on.
What? We got a guest.
So? Hey.
Put some <b style="color: red;">clothes</b> on.
Ice or no ice?
Uh, no ice. Good.
We don't have any.
Fuck. Echo, I told you to put the
It's okay. It's okay.
I'll <b style="color: green;">keep</b> your <b style="color: red;">secret</b> if you <b style="color: green;">keep</b> mine.
A congressman, you say?
Right now, I'm just a drinking companion.
Well, all right, companion.
Have yourself a drink.
Come on in.
$10,000.
What will that get me?
I mean, I'm kinky,
but I don't know if I'm the girl you're looking for.
You're definitely the girl that I'm looking for.
Excuse me.
All I want for that money is your silence.
My what?
The guy you were with the other night,
the one who was arrested, do you know who he was?
You mean the congressman?
There was no congressman. There was no arrest.
None of that exists.
All that exists
is the money sitting right there in front of you.
Do you <b style="color: red;">understand</b>?
Yeah.
Good.
Open your mouth.
Last little bit's for me.
You're scolding me.
Am I?
You are, silently.
Is it the rowing machine? You tell me.
It's the rowing machine.
You haven't used it. How do you know I haven't?
Francis.
You know I don't like to be managed.
I'm not trying to <b style="color: red;">manage</b> you.
I just don't want to outlive you by 25 years.
I must <b style="color: orange;">walk</b> three miles a <b style="color: orange;">day</b> around that Capitol.
I'm <b style="color: cyan;">constantly</b> on my feet.
And do you know how <b style="color: orange;">many</b> calories the <b style="color: red;">brain</b> burns?
I'm not worried about your <b style="color: red;">brain</b>.
It's your <b style="color: red;">heart</b> we're talking about.
Use the machine.
She's right.
I should take better care of myself.
But it's the principle.
I won't be a slave to
anybody or anything you <b style="color: orange;">can</b> order with a tollfree number.
We <b style="color: red;">share</b> the <b style="color: orange;">wealth</b> in this republic.
I thought the whole editorial <b style="color: green;">team</b> pitched in.
Sometimes. Not that time, though.
But he must have written some of it?
No. That was all me.
What if <b style="color: red;">people</b> thought he wrote it?
Oh, fuck that. He's a fraud.
Nah, he's <b style="color: red;">worse</b> than a fraud. He's a fucking farce.
I'll tell you something.
He used to be even more of a maniac than I am.
Chemicals? No. Politics.
Oh, we had some nights, man. Long conversations,
dangerous fucking notions.
Like what? You name it OPEC,
Pinochet, the fucking Food Stamp Act.
Then the motherland sang her mating call.
O say <b style="color: orange;">can</b> you
Next thing, he's cramming for the bar at Bryn Mawr
and snapping on a <b style="color: orange;">flag</b> pin.
Does Bryn Mawr have a <b style="color: cyan;">law</b> school?
My point is, he started goosestepping in the marionette parade.
Left, right; red, blue; Democrat, Republican.
We're all dangling <b style="color: red;">from</b> the same strings.
Take a sledgehammer to the whole fucking Punch and Judy show.
That's what's required.
Thought you were a patriot.
Fuck, yeah. One of the <b style="color: orange;">few</b>.
So what's wrong with <b style="color: red;">public</b> service? Public service?
Come on. You gotta get a <b style="color: cyan;">grip</b> on who your masters are.
The I.M.F., the World Bank,
the Rockefeller Trilateral Commission.
You bankroll their fucking death squads.
It's called FEMA; it's called alcohol, tobacco, and firearms;
NATO; Border Control.
You <b style="color: red;">think</b> Katrina was incompetence?
That was highly orchestrated negligence.
Look at Waco, Amnesty International,
the ACLU.
Smokescreens all of them. Blood on their hands.
Well, exactly.
You want me to <b style="color: red;">lie</b> to the <b style="color: red;">people</b>.
I want you to <b style="color: yellow;">spare</b> the <b style="color: red;">people</b> another hypocrite.
What's in it for you?
Poetic justice.
Oh, come on. You're one of them.
Can a <b style="color: cyan;">corporate</b> sellout roll a <b style="color: green;">joint</b> like this?
If I wanted to do this thing,
how <b style="color: yellow;">might</b> I go about that, precisely?
How did it go?
There were a <b style="color: orange;">few</b> tears here and there
and some anger,
but nothing unexpected.
I'm going to need you to <b style="color: red;">leave</b> us today, too, Evelyn.
I'm sorry.
I just <b style="color: orange;">can</b>'t have any <b style="color: red;">doubt</b> about the <b style="color: red;">direction</b> I'm taking.
You just had me fire 18 <b style="color: red;">people</b>.
I know.
I sat <b style="color: red;">across</b> <b style="color: red;">from</b> them in this room,
and I had to tell each and every one of
I know.
I am 59 years <b style="color: red;">old</b>.
Nobody hires anybody my age.
I will <b style="color: orange;">write</b> you any kind of recommenda
To do what, bag groceries?
What am I supposed to tell my daughter?
I'm sorry, Evelyn. I truly am.
No, you're not. You don't give a fuck.
Eighteen <b style="color: red;">people</b>, Claire.
Nineteen, if you count me.
I have to...
I have to call my daughter.
I know today has been tough.
A lot of your colleagues have left,
and I owe you an explanation.
Many of those who left us today
helped build the CWI <b style="color: red;">from</b> the ground up,
and I'm <b style="color: yellow;">grateful</b> to them.
But it is time for us to evolve,
and to <b style="color: orange;">accomplish</b> this,
we had to make hard choices
and bring in new <b style="color: red;">people</b>.
That's what today was about.
You have any questions,
my <b style="color: red;">door</b> is <b style="color: red;">always</b> <b style="color: red;">open</b>.
I'm all good for national and metro.
We've got <b style="color: red;">space</b> for political if we need it.
Janine, anything new on Michael Kern?
The White House is dodging.
You <b style="color: orange;">can</b>'t get anyone on record?
Not just me.
They're shutting all of us down in the briefings.
No one is giving an inch, even on background.
In the meantime, I'm working on a feature
about the <b style="color: green;">administration</b>'s <b style="color: red;">foreign</b> <b style="color: red;">policy</b> agenda.
How it shifted <b style="color: red;">from</b> the <b style="color: red;">start</b> of the campaign,
increased D.O.D. spending, and We <b style="color: red;">see</b> you, Zoe.
I <b style="color: orange;">can</b> <b style="color: yellow;">link</b> Kern directly to the Williams editorial.
What? I've got a guy named Roy Kapeniak
who was on the editorial <b style="color: red;">staff</b> when Kern was there.
Hey, Twitter twat, W.T.F.?
Wait, <b style="color: orange;">wait</b>, <b style="color: orange;">wait</b>. Roy what? Kapeniak.
A classmate of Kern's.
I have him on record saying
Kern wrote every word of the editorial.
Let's move this into my office.
Zoe, Lucas.
Janine.
Let me let me, once and for all,
say this definitively:
I didn't <b style="color: cyan;">author</b> that editorial.
Not a <b style="color: red;">single</b> sentence, word, comma, or period.
If <b style="color: red;">memory</b> serves me, it was Mr. Kapeniak who wrote it.
Why on earth he's trying to <b style="color: red;">claim</b> that I did is <b style="color: green;">beyond</b> me.
Let me <b style="color: red;">further</b> say that I'm
a strong supporter of the State of Israel.
As the most <b style="color: orange;">stable</b> <b style="color: red;">country</b> in the region
and our strongest ally
It's Frank Underwood for Cathy.
...in any <b style="color: red;">peace</b> process,
<b style="color: orange;">because</b> without the stability of Israel,
there <b style="color: orange;">can</b> be no Palestine.
CNN right now.
"Without Israel there <b style="color: orange;">can</b> be no Palestine"?
I've got it on. I would <b style="color: orange;">remind</b> Senator Kern
that there was a Palestine long before there was an Israel.
His comments are not only ignorant, <b style="color: orange;">they</b> are racist.
Get ready, Cathy. Things are about to move <b style="color: orange;">very</b> quickly.
his understanding of the Middle East Okay.
is so out of sync with reality... I'm ready.
Peter? No. Stop. Uh, not now.
Hey. Hey, where have you been?
Oh, God, you're fucking high.
No. I Yes, you are. Look at your eyes.
Oh, please, just <b style="color: red;">lay</b> off.
You promised me it wouldn't be like this.
Cancel whatever I have for the <b style="color: red;">rest</b> of the <b style="color: orange;">day</b>.
Kern is out.
They're tossing him?
Technically, he'd <b style="color: yellow;">withdraw</b> himself, but yes.
Can I say "A <b style="color: cyan;">source</b> <b style="color: orange;">close</b> to the White House"?
No. You let this story play out on its <b style="color: red;">own</b> time.
They'll <b style="color: red;">announce</b> in the morning.
I'm sorry. If not that, what story are we talking about?
Catherine Durant.
As soon as Kern withdraws, you say she'll be the replacement.
Is that true? It will be after you <b style="color: orange;">write</b> it.
Roy Kapeniak was you.
You <b style="color: yellow;">might</b> <b style="color: orange;">very</b> well <b style="color: red;">think</b> that. I couldn't possibly comment.
You <b style="color: red;"><b style="color: yellow;"><b style="color: green;">found</b></b></b> him. You had him call me.
Kapeniak and Kern were appetizers, Miss Barnes.
Catherine Durant is the meal.
Say that name: Catherine Durant.
Say it over and over.
Tomorrow afternoon, <b style="color: orange;">write</b> it down,
and then <b style="color: orange;">watch</b> that name
come out of the mouth of the President of the United States.
This is where we get to create.
Don't miss your train, Miss Barnes.
It's the last one tonight.
Zoe Barnes with the Washington Herald now reporting,
quoting a <b style="color: cyan;">source</b> <b style="color: orange;">close</b> to the president,
as saying that Senator Catherine Durant will likely be the
new nominee for Secretary of State
after Michael Kern's withdrawal earlier this <b style="color: red;">week</b>.
The White House has remained <b style="color: orange;">silent</b> on <b style="color: red;">whether</b> the president
will <b style="color: yellow;">tap</b> Durant for a nomination,
but a national Zogby Poll shows
wide <b style="color: red;">support</b> for Durant <b style="color: red;">across</b> party lines.
Catherine Durant has served ten years
on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee,
made <b style="color: cyan;">numerous</b> diplomatic missions to South America...
We <b style="color: orange;">can</b> <b style="color: orange;">place</b> our <b style="color: orange;">faith</b> in her,
knowing that we have a responsible, experienced,
brilliant woman representing our interests abroad.
Middle of the road, <b style="color: green;">team</b> player, strong in <b style="color: cyan;">defense</b>.
If there's a woman that <b style="color: orange;">can</b>
<b style="color: orange;">work</b> with the <b style="color: green;">joint</b> chiefs, she's the one.
Durant is the way to go. It's a nobrainer.
The president should stop this pageant and simply make the call.
Why are we <b style="color: orange;">still</b> talking about,
if <b style="color: orange;">they</b>'re going to nominate Durant?
Why don't <b style="color: orange;">they</b> just do it already
so we <b style="color: orange;">can</b> all stop talking about ifs
and <b style="color: red;">start</b> talking about when and what
and how Durant's going to <b style="color: red;">shape</b> up <b style="color: red;">foreign</b> <b style="color: red;">policy</b>...
So, <b style="color: red;">history</b>?
History.
I'm <b style="color: orange;">very</b> impressed, Frank.
Good. With your goahead, I'll <b style="color: red;">start</b> the mockup.
Have Birch and Rasmussen seen this?
Not yet. I wanted you to be the first to have a look.
I'll <b style="color: red;">schedule</b> a time for you to fill in the president.
Oh, no, no, no. That is your turf, Linda. You should do that.
Thank you, Frank. My pleasure. Thank you.
I so apologize for everything No, no, no, n
it's not necessary.
Now for the <b style="color: red;">real</b> meeting.
So what is happening with Michael Kern?
Oh, it's a <b style="color: orange;">total</b> nightmare.
You know who you're gonna <b style="color: yellow;">tap</b> next?
Frank, we <b style="color: orange;">still</b> need you in the house
No, no, no. I wouldn't dream of it.
We've got our <b style="color: green;">education</b> <b style="color: cyan;">bill</b>. I was just curious.
Somehow the <b style="color: yellow;">rumor</b> is flying around
that we're gonna nominate Catherine Durant.
I'm sure you've noticed. Is the <b style="color: yellow;">rumor</b> true?
Well, we weren't considering her at first,
but the president asked me to have her vetted
in case we wanna go that route.
Interesting. What do you <b style="color: red;">think</b>?
Well, she wouldn't be my first choice
Who would be your first choice?
She campaigned hard <b style="color: orange;">against</b> us in the primaries.
That's my reservation.
But you'd show yourself <b style="color: red;">above</b> party politics,
and I know she'd <b style="color: orange;">work</b> all the harder for it.
Decent experience, respect <b style="color: red;">across</b> the aisle.
So you <b style="color: red;">think</b> we <b style="color: orange;">can</b> seriously <b style="color: red;">consider</b> her?
It's not the worst idea in the world.
Where are you getting this shit?
What?
Your stories.
I was just Who are you fucking?
Nobody. Oh, come on.
You're a metro scrub, and now look at you.
You'd have to be fucking somebody important.
I'm just doing my <b style="color: green;">job</b>, Janine.
Excuse me.
All set.
Is this your first remote? Yeah, it's my first time.
Right into the camera, don't <b style="color: orange;">shift</b> in your seat,
and there's no reason to speak <b style="color: red;">above</b> a conversational volume.
The mic will pick you up.
You all ready? Yeah.
All right. Don't forget to breathe.
Five, four...
We'd like to <b style="color: yellow;">welcome</b> Zoe Barnes <b style="color: red;">from</b> the Washington Herald.
Zoe, thank you for joining us.
I'm <b style="color: orange;">very</b> <b style="color: red;">glad</b> to be here. Thank you for having me.
You broke the <b style="color: green;">education</b> <b style="color: cyan;">bill</b>, the Kern editorial,
and now Durant.
I'm just thrilled to be reporting news that matters.
And it's truly been a <b style="color: green;">team</b> effort.
Everyone at the Herald pitched in.
But, yes, a lot of firsts.
First national story, first...
Thank you.
Calling it a night.
See you tomorrow, sir.
But, yes, a lot of firsts.
First national story,
first frontpage byline,
first TV interview.
I would <b style="color: orange;">wave</b> to my mom,
but the cameraman said not to <b style="color: orange;">shift</b> in my seat.
What a roller coaster.
It really is too bad. Kern was a good man.
And now Catherine Durant. Yes.
Right <b style="color: orange;">place</b>, right time, I suppose.
We like her, don't we? Very much.
Question is, does she like Sancorp as much as we like her?
I would say that that is a <b style="color: orange;">very</b> good bet.
But then again, I'm not a betting man.
No. You <b style="color: red;">always</b> like a sure thing.
When it avails itself.
Good night, Remy. Good night, Frank.
See you around. Hopefully less and less now.
Oh, no. I charged the wrong thing.
What did you have again? A medium decaf latte.
Med lat, dec.
I don't know how to get it to go back.
This one and this one. This one?
No. Let me do it.
I have to <b style="color: red;">ask</b> you to stay back, congressman.
What's going on?
Some guy was trying to get into the building.
When we said no, he started tearing his <b style="color: red;">clothes</b> off.
Nobody <b style="color: orange;">can</b> <b style="color: red;">hear</b> you. Nobody cares about you.
Nothing will come of this.
Why don't you let these nice gentlemen take you <b style="color: red;">home</b>?
Cover him up. It's cold out here.
You heard the congressman.
Cover him up.
Francis?